Often overlooked in the recounting of world history are the exploits of the international pseudo-humanitarian organization known singularly as ¡°Overwatch¡±. Recognized primarily for its tumultuous downfall and the restructuring conflict that followed, the fruits bore from the efforts put forth by the organization and its operatives nevertheless persist as proof of a once-lauded functionality.

 

The same is true of the blunders made by the organization during its prime¡ªif only to a much lesser extent. Whilst at its peak in notoriety and international presence, a great many combat operations justified as being ¡®for the good of the world¡¯ were carried out by Overwatch operatives trained in all manner of armed confrontation. Some being cleaner than others, the ruthless efficiency that the organization later became known for often resulted in collateral damage for the environments surrounding any given mission locale.

 

For the most part, these were swept under the rug. When measured against the greater good of humanity and the evils that were snuffed out through their action, the organization deemed many of these losses to be a necessary evil. As such, resources were expended in obfuscating their failures from public view, and ensuring that those affected by these failures were provided with ample reason to resist the temptation of attempting to ¡®out¡¯ them for their slipshod methods.

 

Try as they did to keep their oversights from spiraling out of control, the fallout from their operations sometimes incurred losses that no amount of capital or influence could solve. No better example of one such incident exists than the large scale anti-terror sweep headed by operative Angela ¡°Mercy¡± Ziegler. Carried out and contained within central Europe in the name of crushing known terror-cell strongholds, these operations left a lasting positive impression on the populations that they concerned¡ªsave one.

 

Within a particularly impoverished locale plagued by a particularly large battery of revolutionists was an orphanage. Built in close proximity to the revolutionists¡¯ base of operations and funded by their backers, its very existence was thought of by most as a constantly drawn shield for the menace that funded it. Worse still, the poverty within the communities surrounding the orphanage ensured that its walls were constantly stocked with innocent children in need of care.

 

When tasked with the destruction of the stronghold as her next mission, Mercy didn¡¯t hesitate. Moved equally by pragmatism and sympathy for orphans like herself, she devised an operation that might see the stronghold destroyed with minimal damage to the orphanage nearby. Whilst the bulk of her forces blitzed the stronghold itself, a subsection of it specially trained in infiltration were tasked with the evacuation and protection of the orphans contained within it.

 

Strictly speaking, Mercy¡¯s plan was a success.  the use of an IED by a terrorist holed up within the orphanage itself. Cornered only after the entirety of the orphanage was evacuated, the device¡¯s detonation leveled the orphanage and severely wounded the operatives inside. Following the completion of their objective, the bulk of Mercy¡¯s forces returned to liberate their comrades from the wreckage. In doing so, however, the unit unearthed a failure from which their leader¡¯s reputation might not recover.

 

Amidst the smoldering remains of the orphanage was a sole male child. Seemingly a hostage that his captor had failed to properly utilize, his discovery in the explosion¡¯s aftermath came well after his body ceased to produce vital signs. Discovered and retrieved by Mercy herself, his corpse was nevertheless rushed from the scene of the incident  whilst innumerable onlookers gathered to survey the explosion.

 

Though the community¡¯s vagrant children had been saved, information about the apparent ¡®death¡¯ of this boy as a consequence of Overwatch¡¯s operation spread through it like wildfire within hours. Assurances from the organization¡¯s executives were handed down in an attempt at controlling the situation, but the needless death of an innocent child roused the community into threats of backlash against Overwatch by way of public opinion.

 

Officially, the issuing of these threats marked the end of Overwatch¡¯s blunder. No action was taken by the community, nor was information as to the event leaked to world at large.

 

Unofficially, Overwatch saw their blunder swept under the same rug as those that had come before it. Wracked by guilt as to her failure, Mercy assumed full responsibility for the mission¡¯s outcome¡ªboth in name and in action. Working with what little life remained within the boy at the time, she purposed several experimental regenerative compounds and organ-replacement surgeries with the intention of bringing the boy back from the brink of death. Well aware of her lack of time, she displayed none of her calculating reservation in applying these. All damaged tissue was replaced or regenerated, and even the most volatile of untested substances were pumped into the youth for his benefit.

 

Miraculously, Mercy succeeded. In a mere 48 hours, the boy later identified by the orphanage as ¡®Yuuta¡¯ was spared death, and medically stabilized within the Overwatch Medical Facilities.

 

Restoring his life did not come cheaply, however. In her haste to save his life, Mercy failed to account for the many mutagenic and accelerative properties riddled throughout the compounds she had used. Within 24 hours of Yuuta¡¯s stabilization, their mixing within his newly-fashioned body resulted in unprecedented¡­.¡¯enhancements¡¯ to his physical makeup.

 

Without commensurate gains in his height or apparent age, the size of his genitals and the virility of his sperm were enhanced above and beyond even the most masculine of animals. Reports taken on the 7-year-old¡¯s frame following these developments measured his erect endowment at over a foot and a half in length whereas its girth was said to mirror an incredibly vascular iteration of an adult male leg. Previously pre-hormonal testicles were engorged to the size of oranges, and measured as releasing more than triple the amount of reproductive hormone seen in healthy adult males.

 

Save these glaring developments, Mercy¡¯s efforts brought about vast improvements in the boy¡¯s biological constitution. Regrettably, the changed nature of his frame (however concealable with the right clothing) tied Overwatch¡¯s hands as to how best to deal with him. Though his life had been saved, returning him to his place of birth as a product of experimental medical testing would turn the outrage incited within his community to outright bedlam.

 

Thus, an executive decision was made.



 

As returning Yuuta was no longer an option, Overwatch opted to keep him. Under the guise of providing the now-healthy child with a new life away from his war-torn state and the poverty associated with it, the organization created a loophole with which to keep Mercy¡¯s experimental treatments¡ªand Yuuta¡¯s various augmentations¡ªa secret.

One Angela Ziegler was selected to be the ¡®manager¡¯ of this new life.  To better sell the decision itself, a story was spun wherein Mercy¡¯s disappointment with Yuuta¡¯s previous living conditions moved her to formally adopt the boy for his benefit. Photographs and video footage depicting the pair sharing a degree of familial intimacy were created over the weeks of Yuuta¡¯s rehabilitation, and a message from Mercy regarding her intent to ensure that the rest of his childhood was spent comfortably was delivered to those concerned in person.

 

Whereas the presentation delivered to those familiar with him was largely fabricated, Mercy¡¯s feelings towards the situation more or less matched what it depicted. Believing herself to be a medical practitioner first and an Overwatch operative second, the very idea that an operation she had spearheaded had resulted in pain and suffering for such a small child gouged guilt¡¯s wound deep into her heart. In an attempt at absolving herself of this guilt, she spent the majority of Yuuta¡¯s time within the Overwatch Medical Facilities right at the boy¡¯s side.

 

In this time, she became genuinely fond of him. Despite the weakness of his body and the life he had endured, the chestnut-haired boy did not deviate very far from what she imagined as an ideal child. His speech and demeanor were polite, but equally accented by childish energy and ignorance. He approached his physical rehabilitation as a game, but openly acknowledged the need for him to do his utmost to get better on his own. Even when moved to fits of selfishness or anger, their extents were easily curtailed by warmth and explanation.

 

When finally her adoption order was handed down, she did not consider refusal as an option. She was denied both choice and prior consultation in the matter, yet her first and only instinct was providing Yuuta with an environment that he might be comfortable growing within.

 

To facilitate this (and simultaneously satisfy the demands of her superiors), it was decided that she and Yuuta were to be moved away from the Overwatch headquarters for a time. Amidst the internal turmoil that beset the organization throughout his recovery, some time off-duty playing the part of ¡®mother¡¯ whilst safely out of harm¡¯s way seemed to her superiors as the best way for Mercy to protect both Yuuta and herself.

 

Mercy agreed. To the parental instincts that she had ignored since entering the prime of her womanhood, the suggestion itself was like music to her ears. However ignorant she might be as to how to be a normal parent¡ªmuch less a normal person¡ªtime spent giving Yuuta what he deserved quietly acquired regard as time well spent within her mind.

 

This choice, among a host of others, proved the most instrumental in the remainder of the undocumented incident¡¯s development. While ultimately forgotten in Overwatch¡¯s downfall and sometimes denied by Mercy herself, those exposed to that which followed came to regard female Overwatch operatives not as heros, but as parents.

 

Sexually-depraved, overly-permissive, degenerate parents.

-

THE HOME OF ANGELA ¡®MERCY¡¯ ZIEGLER & YUUTA ANDREAS ZIGLER ¨C2PM


 

Being inside her home¡¯s kitchen made Mercy feel as though she was back within the operating rooms of the Overwatch Medical Facilities. The contrast between the two locales could not be sharper, but months away from the latter location had seen the woman become quite creative with her imagination¡ªmuch like her son.

 

Inside the kitchen, ordinary cooking utensils became medical utensils. Each meal that she prepared became a matter of life or death (with regard to her son¡¯s tastebuds), and each ingredient a body part that required treatment in its own special way.

 

Viewed this way, the monotony she had once associated with cooking was progressively replaced by the executional ¡®rush¡¯ that her operative work had once granted her. The payoff of a successful mission was filled in by smiles from her son, and so long as she remained creative, a new ¡®mission¡¯ could be found online in the form of simple and child friendly recipes.

 

Presently, the mission the blonde had taken on was one whose completion conditions were very familiar. Clad in home wear consisting of a cream-colored and form-fitting turtle-neck sweater, pale blue denim skinny-jeans made to accentuate the feminine, svelte form of her limbs, and a soft-pink apron embroidered with the occasional red heart, most anyone who laid eyes on her would infer that she was in the middle of dressing herself as opposed to cooking.

 

The focus that she devoted to her current task argued otherwise. Wielding a knife as a scalpel, she expertly cut prepared stacks of bread, meat, and cheese into identical triangles atop a cutting board. Breath held, she repeated the process cut by cut until four sandwiches sat cleanly divided and ready for plating.

 

With this, the knot in her chest loosened.

 

¡°Perfect! Everything looks the same as usual!¡± she exclaimed. ¡°Hopefully Yuuta doesn¡¯t notice that the ingredients are a little different this time. He seems to really like just cheese and croquettes, but just feeding him the same lunches over and over in rotation wouldn¡¯t be good for his diet¡­¡±

 

Setting her knife down on the cutting board ahead of her, Mercy put her hands on her hips and thought for a moment. Picturing Yuuta¡¯s reaction to something new, a giggle escaped her.

 

¡°Oh, who am I kidding? I could put a pot of sludge ahead of that boy and he¡¯d be too sweet to do anything but eat i¡ª¡°

 

¡°M-Mommy?¡±

 

Mid-thought, the sound of the front door¡¯s opening and a voice on the verge of tears wiped Mercy¡¯s smile clean off of her face.

 

¡°I-I think I hurt myself again¡­¡±

 

The voice responsible for these utterances sent Mercy bounding from the kitchen as hurriedly as a woman of her stature could move herself. Indifferent as to what she had been doing moments prior and numb to the environment around her, she cut through the kitchen¡¯s side entrance and out into the sizeable lobby some steps away.

 

There, further reactions were fished from her frame by way of parental reflex. Standing just inside the front door with tears welled within his eyes was an injured and somber Yuuta. T-shirt and shorts a dustier blue by virtue of dirt-lining, it struck her immediately that something about him was ¡®wrong¡¯.

 

¡°Oh, poor Yuyu!¡± she exhaled, concern bridling her exclamation. ¡°You¡¯re okay, you¡¯re ok. Where does it hurt? Here, let Mommy see¡­¡±

 

Steps away from Yuuta¡¯s front, Mercy dove to her knees to better assess the condition of his face. Scooting inward, she gently cupped either side of his face with her hands, and afterwards set her line of sight toward his features. Just as she had feared, a shallow cut could be seen bleeding at the peak of his right cheek. Given the grazed and reddened flesh that surrounded it, she inferred the injury¡¯s cause as stemming from a fall that ground one side of Yuuta¡¯s face against the sidewalk.

 

Following her assessment, Mercy motioned to make quick work of the injury in as natural a manner as possible. No sooner did she do so did the sniffling child within her arms render himself accountable for his actions.

 

¡°I-I was running too fast and sorta fell on my face.¡± he explained. ¡°C-Can you make it better?¡±

 

In a flash, Mercy¡¯s terse concern for Yuuta¡¯s condition evaporated into the reassuring warmth exuded by all mothers in their ¡®times of need¡¯. Producing a single brisk nod in response to his question, she smiled a smile that she hoped would be sweet enough to make the boy forget his pain.

 

¡°Of course, sweetie! You¡¯re going to be just fine; just hold still for me, okay?¡± she replied.

 

True to her word, Yuuta¡¯s wound was cleaned and dressed within seconds of her utterance. Expertly retrieving a white cloth from one of her apron pockets and a bandage from the other, she smoothly cleared the trail of blood dribbling down his face with the former and plugged its outflow with the latter. When both of her hands ceased their manipulation of the objects at his face, the redness surrounding the covered cheek-wound had already faded.

 

¡°There, all better!¡± she chirped, skull again dipping inward to plant a kiss against his forehead. ¡°The bandage has a disinfectant on it, so remember not to pick at it, okay? I want you to know that I¡¯m very proud of you as well; not crying even when it hurts is very, very brave of you.¡±

 

Unconvinced of his own accomplishment yet nonetheless happy to have been taken care of, Yuuta nodded. Wiping tears away from his eyes of his own volition, a semblance of his usual energy returned to his pale features.

 

¡°Okay, I¡¯ll try!¡± he replied, nodding. ¡°Can I have a kiss, though?¡±

 

Mercy didn¡¯t hesitate when faced with this request. Of all of the things that she could do for her hurt child, simply kissing his pain away seemed a small price to pay for his happiness. First nodding in a show of good faith, she again leaned inwards to plant her glossed and supple lips into a loose caress against his.

 

Following this, the older woman was made to recall the exact sort of child she had taken under her wing.  In an instant, the lightness and shortness she had intended for her kiss was overwritten by outright obscenity. The moment she pushed her lips down into contact with Yuuta¡¯s, a tiny hand undeniably belonging to the boy jumped up into a flat-fingered press against the back of her skull. Comparatively weak, yet strong enough to totally mash her lips against his own, the ¡®new¡¯ contact between them soon facilitated a snaking of Yuuta¡¯s tongue directly into her mouth.

 

With the  molestation of her tongue by her son¡¯s organ came a much needed realization for the blonde: even kisses were fair game for the¡­¡¯changes¡¯ made to his nervous system.

 

Several seconds into the child¡¯s domineering press and the kiss that followed, stifled moans from Mercy boiled over into direct action from her. Red-faced and out of breath for reasons not limited to the depth of Yuuta¡¯s kiss, she wrenched her face out of contact with his, and immediately began to stammer reproach out at the youth.

 

¡°Yuyuuuuuuu¡­..¡± she exhaled, parental exasperation clinging to her voice. ¡°T-That¡¯s not how Mommies and t-their sons kiss. It also isn¡¯t the kind of kiss that makes pain go away!¡±

 

¡°Isn¡¯t it? I always see adults kiss like that, and it always seems like they feel a lot better after doing it that way¡­¡± he replied.

 

Opting to ignore Yuuta¡¯s mention of adult subject matter, Mercy focused in on the only discrepancy that might help her refute his claim.

 

¡°T-That is true, Yuuta, but that¡¯s how adults kiss when they want to make each other feel better. I-I¡¯m an adult, but you¡¯re still a little boy, aren¡¯t you?¡± she suggested.

 

At this, Yuuta neither pouted nor sulked. Instead tapping the tip of one of his index fingers to the base of his chin for a moment, he soon began to stare idly at the ceiling in what appeared to be genuine consideration.

 

Experience had taught Mercy to feel a certain amount of discomfort in response to these actions, though as usual, their festering within her chest did not bring about any attempts to avoid contact with their impending cause.

 

Seeing this discomfort, Yuuta broke the silence between them with another smile.


¡°Mhm, that¡¯s true! I guess doing adult stuff all th¡¯ time would be kinda bad!¡± he replied.

 

Against her better judgement, Mercy sighed in relief well before he finished speaking.

 

¡°Can we play pretend, then? I¡¯d really, really feel better if I got to try kissing with you that way, so it¡¯d be okay if we tried it once in a while as a game, right?¡± he suggested.

 

Abruptly, the redness on Mercy¡¯s face grew deeper. Just as her gut had warned her, the contents of her polite little boy¡¯s thoughts had been far from normal. Worse still, they were entirely sound¡ªas a game, there was very little harm in pretending to ¡®kiss¡¯ with her son as adults did.

 

Per usual, the only issues with his request lay with her. In her time looking after Yuuta and his atypical ¡®needs¡¯, Mercy had found it very difficult to differentiate the risqu¨¦ ¡®games¡¯ they played from genuine acts of intimacy. Between the fierce parental love that she felt towards the youth and her unspoken interest in his physical composition, the activities that he often suggested for the two of them made her feel a fulfillment more sexual than parental.

 

Despite knowing this, she couldn¡¯t refuse. Even if she wished to¡ªwhich the fluttering of her heart suggested to be false¡ªshe could not purpose an excuse like ¡°curtailing his perversion¡± or ¡°teaching him right from wrong¡± in her current situation.

 

Not whilst Yuuya continued to beam up at her with such adorable endearment.

 

Ever busy, the time Mercy spent struggling with the inevitability of her decision was used by Yuuta in observation. A child through and through, his interests lay in the conflict written out over his mother¡¯s face. His familiarity with her indicated its type as being more positive than negative, but its persistence in spite of his request told him that there was more work to be done if he was to one day play a different sort of ¡®game¡¯ with the older woman.

 

In spite of this, he remained with ample recourse. Altering his expression to project hints of sadness and longing, he turned his beaming into a longing stare up at the woman at a moment¡¯s notice.

 

¡° Pretty please? I promise I¡¯ll be more careful outside so I don¡¯t bother you as much from now on. Since it¡¯s bad, I won¡¯t play this game with anyone else, either.¡± he offered. ¡°Mommy will be the only one I¡¯ll ever play with!¡±

 

Under the weight of these words and the mixed love and lust that they evoked, Mercy broke. All on her own, she jammed her face forward to again establish a deep kiss between Yuuta and herself. This time going as far as to wrap her arms around his neck and draw his chest into the firm swell of her clothed chest, she ensured that both the confines of her mouth and the majority of her torso were availed for the boy to ¡®kiss¡¯.

 

She couldn¡¯t help herself; Motherhood demanded it.

 

Well used to accepting the ¡®gifts¡¯ that were given to him, Yuuta kissed back to his heart¡¯s content. Renewing his tongue¡¯s molestation of Mercy¡¯s, he took to the application of occasional suckles of his lips against her own. Drinking down small mouthfuls of saliva alongside the taste of her lips, he fed his body¡¯s desire for her frame whilst simultaneously displaying an experience for these intimate actions extremely uncanny for a child his size.

 

From his efforts came further reciprocation from Mercy, and a worsening of the arousal that had cut into her womanhood when first Yuuta changed the ¡®tone¡¯ of their kiss. Whilst submitting herself to the invasive slurping of her son¡¯s mouth, her mind was thrust back to the months that they had spent with one another whilst still at the Overwatch facilities. It was there that the parental instincts that now drove her frame had been born, and it was there that she had gained hands on experience with the full extent of Yuuta¡¯s over-development.  Day after day had she spent time in the presence of the hormone-laden aromas that bled from his frame without relief. Before she knew it, her desire to provide him with what she never had was mutated by their seclusion. Before she knew it, being around a boy well under the age of 10 began reminding her body on a daily basis that it was a reproductively capable female without a child to show for that maturity. Before she knew it, the idea that Yuuta might be a solution to this¡ª

 

And then, her thoughts overflowed. Again wrenching her mouth from its spittle-smeared contact with Yuuta¡¯s, a gasp of relief spewed from between Mercy¡¯s lips. Haggardly refilling her lungs with oxygen whilst reminding herself of her role, she soon enough found it within herself to again address her youthful suitor as her position demanded.

 

¡°Oooookay, t-that¡¯s probably enough for now, don¡¯t you t-think?¡± she suggested weakly. Surging right back to her feet in anticipation of the boy¡¯s answer, she reached down to take one of his hands into her own and begin leading proceedings in a more appropriate direction.

 

¡°A-Anyway, lunch is ready, s-so how about you just relax in the living room while I go grab it?¡± she suggested, legs already drawing the pair towards the locale. ¡°Y-You left your phone right there on the table, s-so you could have lots of fun with one of those games you like while you wait?¡±

 

Unlike Mercy, the end of the kiss shared between the pair left Yuuta without visible signs of arousal or discomfort. Following Mercy¡¯s lead as any dutiful child would¡¯ve, he took her hand, and agreed with her suggestion without fuss.

 

Initially, of course.


 

¡°Okay! I was getting kinda hungry anyway¡­¡± Yuuta began. ¡°Being all by myself would be a bit lonely, though, so how about you come too and lemme lay on your tummy? You don¡¯t have anythin¡¯ to do since lunch is done, right?¡±

 

Still leading the pair¡¯s progression, it took Mercy a moment to process that she had been asked another closed question. Initially holding her features forward towards the living room, her processing the comment eventually led her to turn her blushed features behind her and towards Yuuta.

 

Awaiting her line of sight after the shift was another irresistibly adorable expression from Yuuta¡ªthis one even more natural than the last.

 

¡°H-He certainly is getting greedy with these requests¡­¡± she mused to herself. ¡°I-It¡¯s probably fine though, right? I-I mean, what little boy doesn¡¯t want to lay down with his Mom sometimes? He did just hurt himself, too, so it¡¯s natural that he wants to cuddle.¡±

 

¡°Yeah¡­natural¡­.¡±

 

Thinking her way through another validation for her foregone acceptance of Yuuta¡¯s request, Mercy capitulated as soon as her felt ¡®awkwardness¡¯ allowed her too.

 

¡°Ok, ok. If my Yuyu wants to cuddle on the couch a bit, I¡¯d be more than happy to spend some time with you there ?.¡± she replied.

 

To Yuuta¡¯s surprise, no part of Mercy¡¯s response was contrived. The voice that she spoke with and the looseness in her smile suggested absolute comfort¡ªboth with the idea of hanging out on the couch and the fact that he had asked.

 

As a glutton for parental affection (and a great many other things), seeing this filled Yuuta with excitement.

 

¡°Yay! You¡¯re the best, Mommy!¡±

 

Not surprisingly, the praise that Mercy received stimulated her mind all throughout the remainder of her stride into the living room. There, isolated with Yuuta within the furnished space and its ¡®child friendly fixtures¡¯ (a television and gaming consoles), she picked out the sofa situated just opposite the television as the place that she would lay herself down.

 

Galvanized by parental instinct, she loosened the knots holding her apron to her curvature prior to peeling the garment off from her shoulders. Neatly draping it over the right side of the couch, she afterwards laid herself out lengthwise across its cushioning. Slender, sock-clad feet pointed towards its left armrest and sweater-gloved torso propped up back-first against its right, she fully availed her front for the back to front ¡®cuddling¡¯ she presumed to be Yuuta¡¯s ¡®want¡¯.

 

Even before the boy planted himself along her stomach, thoughts as to how to make the best of the situation ran through her mind in short sequence. Naturally, no proof of her raving bled through her posture¡ªonly the inviting air of an adult woman awaiting a sound snuggling.

 

¡°Once he gets comfy, I¡¯ll just wrap my arms around his middle so he feels nice and safe. I¡¯m sure that¡¯s what he¡¯s looking for anyway, so I should just be able to pretend that I¡¯m not here afterwards and let him play¡­¡± she thought.

 

Through and through, Mercy had blinded herself to the full ¡®scope¡¯ of actions available to Yuuta. She validated the choice with blind faith, and embraced it with the intention of making her boy smile at any cost.


 

Yet again, Yuuta¡¯s behaviour defied her expectations. After scooping up his smartphone from off of the nearby coffee table, the spacy youth ended his approach toward the couch with a playful flop of his front down onto Mercy¡¯s. Making certain to distribute his weight rather than collapse atop the larger woman in a full body splash, he settled himself against her such that his crotch was smothered against hers, and his pectorals were pressed into the covered flatness of her upper abdominals.

 

Certain of the ¡®correctness¡¯ of his action, he next moved to make himself comfortable.  Placing his phone directly atop the buoyant crease constituted between Mercy¡¯s breasts, a quick squeeze from his thumb against the device preceded a familiar flurry of index finger motions oft associated with the average smartphone game.

 

From Yuuta¡¯s collapse to the outflow of a quiet melody from the device situated against her cleavage, Mercy lay speechless. In this case, discomfort was not the sole cause for her affliction; it remained one of them, but another outclassed it in both severity and relevance. She felt comfortable. In fact, she felt so comfortable that it almost fed back into her discomfort. All suggestiveness set aside and felt-bulges ignored, Yuuta¡¯s weight across her middle and the steady seep of his warmth into the fabric of her clothes felt more natural to her than holding hands with him had.

 

¡°Looking at him like this, it¡¯s really hard to believe what happened to him was only a year or so ago¡­¡± she thought to herself. ¡°I suppose I should be happy that he¡¯s doing so well, but I have to wonder if it¡¯ll stay this way. He seems to need more and more from me without actually thinking to ask for it¡ªthere has to be a limit to what I can do for him, doesn¡¯t there?¡±

 

Calm as she was, continuing to stare at Yuuta made the complexion of his previous actions seem much less¡­appropriate. For as much as she enjoyed providing him with happiness, she could not help but think back to the atypical behavioural signage she had seen in him whilst nursing him back to health. The behaviour was not worrisome in itself, but it seemed as if something other than childish curiosity was driving him to do the things that he did.

 

¡°And if there is something else behind who he is now, my saving his life would be the cause of it.¡± she mused. ¡°But¡­¡±

 

Having circled her thoughts back to the conclusion she had arrived at within her first week of living with Yuuta, Mercy shrugged her shoulders and drew her hands inwards into a light embrace of Yuuta¡¯s lower back.

 

¡°That doesn¡¯t matter. Yuuta¡¯s my son, and I¡¯m going to look after him no matter what.¡±

 

Smiling, Mercy allowed herself to slip into the same cosy comfort she had intended for Yuuta to fall into. Eyes closed and frame relaxed, she was again embraced by the parental fulfillment she had once thought to be perpetually out of her reach.

 

On the other hand, Yuuta continued to think at a mile a minute.

 

Inexplicably adept at multitasking, he simultaneously progressed in the rigorous grind of his video game whilst childishly digesting the ¡®facts¡¯ associated with his time with Mercy.


¡°Mommy sure is weird when it comes to this stuff. It seems like she doesn¡¯t wanna do it at all sometimes, but then she ends up wanting to do stuff like this without me even asking for it.¡± he thought. ¡°It¡¯s weird, but it¡¯s also better than her getting mad and saying no. It does make me wonder about what she¡¯d say yes to if I actually tried to say somethin¡¯, though¡­¡±

 

As the game that Yuuta had chosen was one concerned with statistics, the occasional period of silent stillness sometimes overtook his avid screen-tapping efforts. In this time, his body stirred aimlessly just as any other child¡¯s might¡¯ve. Slowly and slightly did his legs bob back and forth whilst his torso wiggled in anticipation of the next form of stimuli to be provided by the game.

 

The latter of these motions was especially significant. As a result of the position he had assumed overtop Mercy, the slightest ¡®sway¡¯ of his milf-planted middle drew the full extent of his crotch (and the monstrous length of cock hidden at the region) from one ¡®half¡¯ of Mercy¡¯s crotch to the other. Though flaccid and aptly bundled up underneath clothing designed to all but eliminate its presence to the naked eye, the weight of Yuuta¡¯s body ensured that the grotesque log¡¯s hole-rending girth and the virile heat constantly oozing from its flesh were firmly impressed upon an extremely sensitive region of Mercy¡¯s body.

 

Hardly aware of the motions themselves, Yuuta thought nothing of the happening in spite of his experiencing it time and time again. Whereas his body subconsciously repeated the action to feed its considerable appetite for contact with the opposite sex, his mind remained focused on his game and the chain of thought incited by it.

 

¡°¡­Anyway, I¡¯ll have to just give it a try sometime. She seems ok with most things as long as I ask nicely, so it¡¯ll probably be ok!¡± he chirped. ¡°Mommy¡¯s the best, after all! Everyone has stuff that they can¡¯t do, but I think she¡¯s different.¡±

 

¡°She¡¯s special!¡±

 

In the minutes that followed the boy¡¯s idle thoughts, Mercy proved his childish assumptions to be correct. The slowing of her breathing and the tightening of the embrace initiated at his lower back reminded Yuuta of the kind of comfort and opportunity that only contact with her frame could provide.

 

These by themselves were not enough to quell his incessant desire for ¡®more¡¯, however. In fact, the love that she displayed served only to turn Yuuta¡¯s thoughts further away from youthful wistfulness and closer towards perverse longing.

 

¡°I wonder if there is some way to make her body even comfier. S¡¯not like this is bad, but if she were bigger, there¡¯d be more space for me to snuggle into or hug at if I got bored.¡± he thought to himself.

 

Naturally, this thought unearthed a chain of others related to his stay within the Overwatch Medical Facilities. There, he had spoken at length with his mother about the wonders of the human body and how his had become ¡®special¡¯ in the non-traditional sense. Though his understanding as to her meaning then was minimal, it remained apparent to him that methods unrelated to natural growth could be used to enhance the physical body.

 

¡°Maybe there isn¡¯t something that¡¯ll just make her more squishy or warm, but there should be something out there that¡¯ll make her body better overall, right?¡± he reasoned.

 

Abruptly, the taping of his fingers against his phone screen slowed to a crawl. A sudden upturn in his game¡¯s monotony was unrelated to the happening. In this case, something else had all-at once consumed his finite attention span.

 

¡°Right! And it already exists, too!¡± he repeated.  ¡°I dunno how I¡¯d find it, but making Mommy bigger and warmer would be a great way to repay her for being so nice all the time. It¡¯ll be even easier to get what I want from her if she¡¯s that way, too!¡±

 

Not merely content, but ecstatic about his conclusion, Yuuta¡¯s stillness was soon replaced by fervent action. Abandoning his phone entirely, he stretched his arms outwards, then curled them inwards into a partial hug around Mercy¡¯s ribcage. Driving them as close to a clasp around her back as his boyish frame would allow, he then squeezed his face down into her bust in an attempt at conveying what he hoped would be perceived as appreciation.

 

Far too gone to accept the embrace for what it was, Mercy inadvertently produced a pleasured yelp when Yuuta¡¯s frame was suddenly driven into closer contact with her own.

 

¡°O-Oh¡­what¡¯s wrong, Yuyu? Does your face still hurt?¡± she asked shortly.

 

Content with his position, Yuuta shook his head.

 

¡°Nope! I just felt like given you a hug, that¡¯s all!¡±

 

Relieved (and further endeared) by her son¡¯s behaviour, Mercy giggled.

 

¡°Well, that¡¯s very kind of you. Thank you very much ?.¡± she cooed. ¡°We¡¯ve been sitting here for a while, though. How about we go get lunch?¡±

 

Amicable to a fault (when he chose to be), Yuuta sprang to his feet at the mention of food. Nodding his head with a smile, he waited for Mercy to rise up and off of the couch prior to slipping his hand into her own, and accompanying her out of the living room.

 

Regrettably, his contentment with another lunch at home saw his smartphone left behind. As the pair walked out of the living room in a mutual pursuit of food, the device was again left unattended onthe couch they had lounged atop.

 

It did remain on, however.  No colorful music streamed from it¡ªonly the light required to illuminate the contents displayed across its screen. There, in place of any colorful artwork or animation could be seen the first page of what appeared to be a text-based document.

According to Angela Ziegler, the foremost problem with modern physical-enhancement compounds was one rooted in their reliance on intravenous and surgical application. Technological streamlining had long-since allowed for even the most slovenly of the world¡¯s biochemists to synthesize compounds potent enough to induce significant (and permanent) effects, but the task of normalizing their application remained well beyond the ability of even the most skilful of practitioners.

 

Not once had Mercy considered herself as an exception to this rule. Lauded by her colleagues for her restorative breakthroughs near-annually, it remained ever apparent to her that there was more that she could be doing within the field of medicine. After the surgical ordeals concerned with saving her son¡¯s life and her relocation to suburbia, applying herself to this task and looking after Yuuta simultaneously seemed to her as the best way to give back to the boy that she loved and the world that he had come from.

 

Within 6 months of Yuuta¡¯s procedures, her homestay pushed the field of physical enhancement into a future as bright as it was daunting. In this time, she managed to ¡®repackage¡¯ many of the compounds she had used to save Yuuta¡¯s life into a pair of more accessible forms: fluid-soluble pills and skin-friendly gels. While experimental in nature (and still far too effective to be haphazardly combined within a single body), the prototypes that she designed immediately proved stable enough to be of use to operatives in the field, and even those sequestered in recovery.


Rather than continue with the development of alternative prototype forms¡ªnamely gummy candies for children and moist compresses for active operatives¡ªword of her successes prompted Mercy to refine the stability of her pills and gels for mass-production. Working throughout the evenings that Yuuta slept, her efforts brought her pet-project into the realm of long-term marketability by the end of her first year with Yuuta.

 

Useful as the product might¡¯ve been, the internal turmoil that had seen her cut off from Overwatch saw her products produced, but largely ignored by the organization at large. Mercy made several inquiries as to the products¡¯ status, but the only answers she received were those relating to the surplus that the company had already stocked. Happily consumed by the hustle and bustle of parenthood, the organization¡¯s unresponsiveness eventually resulted in Mercy forgetting about the project altogether.

 

Some months later, she remembered¡ªor so her operative file stated. After months of inactivity, a delivery order was placed through Mercy¡¯s account to have several weeks-worth of pills and several containers of gel delivered to her home.

 

Unbeknownst to Overwatch¡ªand Mercy herself¡ª¡®Angela Ziegler¡¯ had nothing to do with the order. From its placement to its delivery, everything concerned with the requisition was managed by one Yuuta Andreas Ziegler. Displaying intelligence and craftiness beyond his years, his acquirement of the products saw them stowed away within rarely-explored nooks and crannies throughout the home he shared with his mother.

 

Like any other child intent on planning a ¡®surprise¡¯ for their parent, his usage of the delivery came only after he felt certain that he hadn¡¯t been found out. Deeply driven to reward his mother for her usual ¡®niceness¡¯ and gift to her a body that matched his mental image of her, Yuuta spent the following few weeks actively drugging her with her own compounds. Knowledgeable as to the water-soluble nature of her pills and the tastelessness of their active compounds, all of Mercy¡¯s morning teas and evening coffees were spiked with a comically excessive number of pills. Where possible, equally ridiculous numbers were ground into powder, then covertly added to what few of her meals they could be safely snuck into.

 

Her lotions and makeups received similar treatment. Each and every one of her skin-cream and lotion containers were emptied to a half-way mark, and subsequently filled in entirely with a volume of gel. The lacing of her makeups with the substance proved a bit too fine a task for him to manage covertly, but Mercy¡¯s naivety ensured that the majority of his mistakes were taken on by her as the consequence of lapses in her memory.

 

Cumulatively, Yuuta¡¯s efforts amounted to Mercy¡¯s subjection to a triple dosage of the compounds she had developed on a daily basis. By the time Mercy noticed that a great many things were amiss about her body, the potency of the experimental compounds had already altered her body above and beyond recognition.

At first, Mercy had accepted her changing frame as a direct consequence of motherhood. A stationary life at home with a child was bound to replace taut muscle mass with fat and tempt her fertile frame into the creation of extra ¡®padding¡¯. As well, the busyness of her days and her contentment with them made the odd tight piece of clothing or too-small bra ¡®forgettable¡¯ in the grand scheme of her life.

 

In the end, the blonde¡¯s wakeup call came at the place that she dreaded most: the body-length mirror stowed away within her closet for the rainy days in which she did not feel ¡®pretty¡¯.

 

Somehow, she had become too tall for it. Inexplicably 6 inches taller than she had been a month prior, her head and shoulders were cut out of the naked image that she presented in front of it.

 

Everything that she remembered about her body from her neck downwards was different. Sloping massively from off of her torso were breasts swollen to sow-like proportions. Once a pair of modest C-Cups sized and shaped as an ideal handful, the now G-Cup mounds offered more flesh than even the most burly of male palms could hope to compress. Pale, and at the time gleaming with moisture from her latest shower, they seemed to her then as more pliant to the touch, and in no way strained by their own excess. Shortly, their shape as perfectly-packaged teardrop-sacs of fat and flesh convinced her mind that they were ¡®natural¡¯ given a single glance. Normally shaped and only partly sagged as a consequence of her age, she could not help but feel as though she had been born with them.

 

What grounded the appraisal of her frame in reality was its shape from her breasts downward. Having previously regarded herself as slender¡ªplump at worst if someone were to press her¡ªthe shape of her torso, hips, and legs convinced her that she had been changed. Both below and underneath the span of her breasts was a midsection padded with a perfect balance of fat and musculature. Distributed such that she would appear proportional as opposed to plump, what amounts of her abdominals she could see showed evidence of physical conditioning. As a mother, she did none of this¡ªnot unless walking to the store counted as exercise.

 

The perfect pudge at her middle could have been forgotten, but the scope of her hips drove her abnormalities home. Bleeding outwards from the end of her torso was an obtuse hip-line that suggested inhuman fertility. Wide enough to offer enough span for two grown women seeking ample birthing hips, her waist and torso seemed positively tiny in comparison. As well, the fats and curvature gifted to women within their best child-birthing years could be seen padding the regions in excess. Evident in the obtuse ¡®V¡¯ of her crotch line and the flares of flesh-gloved bone structure to either side of it, this fraction of her frame in particular struck her not as a product of genetics, but of science.

 

Her thighs were exactly the same.

The apparent span of the pale tree-trunks and their wrinkle-less exteriors prompted her to turn to the left and right to confirm their actual size. Both limb-sections lead into an equally-bloated half of her arm-width buttocks, but neither one seemed at all bogged down by the flesh that they had gained. Through and through, they had been enhanced and not enlarged. The skin draped over them was smoother and healthier, and their thickness balanced the width of her hips enough so that she did not seem completely bow-legged. As had been the case with her breasts, the huggable limb sections seemed more likely to be a product of complimentary physical development than some form of alteration.

 

As a woman of science, accepting such biological perfection in herself after the changes that her life had gone through was impossible for Mercy. After coming to terms with her enhancements (a feat accomplished through several jiggly sprints between her bedroom¡¯s mirror and the bathroom¡¯s), she set her mind to the task of discerning what had happened to her.

 

Of the possible causes, the compounds she had developed were the most likely explanation. If an enemy organization somehow got their hands on the products stockpiled within Overwatch, ¡®poisoning¡¯ her with them would be all too easy.

 

This explanation was unlikely¡ªher current location was undisclosed even amongst higher-ranking Overwatch operatives, and she had received no word of a possible betrayal within the organization.

 

If not them, the only other possibility was Yuuta. Imagined by her mind was a perfect, hypothetical world, wherein Yuuta somehow acquired the compounds, dosed her with them, and hid his doing so from her. Such a world would require him to be much more intelligent and perverse than he appeared to be, but otherwise, it was not entirely far-fetched.

 

Alone with her thoughts and her new warped frame, Mercy pit this possibility against all others until only her love for Yuuta remained as an ¡®argument¡¯ against the obvious.

 

As it always did, her love for the boy won out. Choosing to believe that she had become a victim of the internal strife that plagued her organization, she continued on with her daily life as though her sudden ¡®physical revelation¡¯ hadn¡¯t hit her. Yuuta went unquestioned as a potential perpetrator, and the added stresses wrought from the event (namely the recreation of her wardrobe) were taken on by her as another cross to bear.

 

Mercy¡¯s ¡®investment¡¯ in this particular brand of blind belief proved costly. Upon revealing herself to Yuuta while wearing her new clothing, she found the boy all-too ready to accept what had become of her body and indulge himself in it. As if ignorant to the progression of her development, he dealt with her as though all of her changes had happened overnight.  His hugs grew longer, his attempts at clinging to her waistline more handy, and his pestering her to sleep in the same bed that she did more frequent. He did not go so far as attempting to cling to her at every hour of the day, but it remained apparent that his abnormal interest in her had somehow become more¡­abnormal.

 

On top of everything, mitigating these events became impossible. More so than ever, Mercy found herself extremely willing to take on any and all of Yuuta¡¯s requests¡ªespecially those that concerned her contact with him.

 

Internally, she attempted to normalize her doing so with arguments central to ¡®rewarding¡¯ his acceptant behavior with permissiveness. Deep down, though, she knew otherwise. Where Yuuta was concerned, she wanted to be touched. She wanted her body to appeal to him. She wanted to be someone that he couldn¡¯t take his eyes off of.

 

Just as her psyche lied to itself to maintain its stability, so too did her body rebel to see the basal desires suppressed within her heart realized. Suddenly, she began to perceive Yuuta¡¯s skin as hot to the touch. Each time she breathed in his scent¡ªa natural aroma laboured with masculine pheromones¡ªsections of her brain previously dulled by parental affect were consumed by chemical attraction. Over time, both of these symptoms were exacerbated to the point at which naturally interacting with the boy for long periods of time left her dizzy and feverish.

 

The harder she worked to keep these feelings from altering her behavior, the more severe and fear-inspiring that they became. Try as she did to keep herself as she had been, thoughts of a more damning sort eventually took up permanent residence within the back of her mind.

 

Of them, one in particular throbbed within her skull on a daily basis:

 

¡°I want to be bred by my son until I can¡¯t think about anything else.¡±

 

-

 

1 YEAR AND 5 MONTHS INTO YUUTA¡¯S HOMESTAY¡ªTHE HOME OF ANGELA ¡®MERCY¡¯ ZIEGLER

 


 

Faced with the smooth white finish of a door that she did not wish to open, Mercy stood, stared, and fidgeted in hopes that the activities might urge her forward. Having posted herself here nearly 10 minutes prior, the likelihood of these activities amounting to anything¡ªwhether in the present or future¡ªseemed slim.

 

Mercy understood this. She understood that her hesitation was unnecessary, and had long since accepted that stepping through the door ahead of her was another of the responsibilities unique to her position as a mother.

 

Nevertheless, her feet refused to move for her. Despite having done so countless times in the past, moving through the door and doing what was required of her seemed more difficult now than it had at any point during the past. Bit by bit did this irrational fear well within her until its encroachment on her reason evoked a fight-or-flight response from her mind.

 

Fists clenched and teeth grit, she was forced to think.

 

¡°This isn¡¯t going to go away, Angela.¡± she told herself. ¡°Everything about this comes right back to you¡ªgetting cold feet because of how things have turned out doesn¡¯t mean that you can just turn back.¡±

 

¡°So get a hold of yourself.¡± Forcing her downcast gaze upward, she sharpened the pitiful look she had directed at the foot of the door into a hateful glare at its peak. ¡°The only thing that has changed since last time is you. If you¡¯re going to let something like that stop you from taking care of Yuuta, you may as well give up trying to raise him altogether.¡±

 

Just as it had in the past, threatening herself with the loss of her son made her limbs feel lighter. Shaking off her remaining indecision with a wagging of her skull, Mercy softened her gaze, then dropped her dominant hand down to the door knob below her waist.

 

A moment later, the discomfort that had held her behind the door was melted by the heat, moisture, and haze of the bathroom ahead of it.

 

¡°There you are, Mommy!¡± Yuuta chirped. ¡°Did you find the swimsuit thingy you were looking for? You said it was lost, so I can come help look for it if you want me too!¡±

 

¡°Oh, but I gotta finish washing my hair first!¡± he added. ¡°See? I got it all soapy and stuff all by myself!¡±

 

Seated atop a child-sized stool towards the bathroom¡¯s back end was Yuuta. Naked save for the patches of moisture and soap suds that covered odd fractions of his frame, his greeting and the excited ascent that followed it melted Mercy¡¯s heart. If only for a moment, the sight allowed her to forget the plight that she had fallen into and all of the other difficulties associated with it.

 

Soothed, her parental reflexes responded to his greeting whilst her mind collected itself.

 

¡°Yes, I did find it, sweetie! I¡¯m wearing it right now, actually.¡± she exhaled. ¡°It¡¯s¡­well¡­a lot smaller than I remember it being, but the point is that it¡¯s been found.¡± Idly peering down at herself while she spoke, the positive affect swirling within her chest rendered her immune to the outrageously sexual presentation of her frame. Satisfied with only a glance, she turned her attention straight back toward Yuuta.

 

¡°I suppose it¡¯s a good thing I did, too! Having a certain special someone running around the house before his bath is finished would¡¯ve made quite the mess!¡± she giggled.

 

Chuckling as well, a smirk of boyish derision sprang to Yuuta¡¯s face.

 

¡°C¡¯mon, Mommy; I¡¯m not a baby! If I was gonna do that, I¡¯d at least dry off first¡­¡±he complained. As quickly as it had appeared, the smirk at his mouth became a warm smile. ¡°Anyway, c¡¯mon! Now that you¡¯ve got your pretty swimsuit, you can help me finish with my bath, right?¡±

 

¡®Apparently¡¯ indifferent to his own nakedness and the current state of his mother¡¯s frame, Yuuta followed up his inquiry by pattering up to a position in front of Mercy. Outstretching his arms, he dumped his torso into a face-first hug with the moist, squishy excess offered by his mother¡¯s thighs. Nuzzling his face into their bare flesh whilst pushing his arms around her waist into a hopeless depression against the flesh of her asscheeks, he again proved himself as all too ready to embrace the comforts of his mother¡¯s changed body.

 

Mercy should have expected as much. In the weeks since her body had stabilized, Yuuta had been extremely accepting of her changed features. Again and again had he verbally conveyed his preference for her new body whilst also taking every opportunity presented to ¡®familiarize¡¯ himself with it. Thus, another risqu¨¦ hug from the youth should not have come as much of a surprise to her.

 

Yet it did. Consumed within a haze of parental affection right up until the completion of his hug, the feeling of his wet flesh against hers and the abnormal warmth that his body exuded snapped Mercy¡¯s mind right back into reality.

 

Everything changed in the blink of an eye. Suddenly overstimulated, Mercy drove her thighs together as if trying to protect the mound above Yuuta¡¯s head from observation. Whilst trembling, cream-laden breast milk burst from her nipples and the numerous ducts embedded into her fattened areola. Flowing as a milkshake might, the life-affirming substance¡¯s release was reminiscent of the ¡®clearance¡¯ of a backed up pipe.

 

Embarrassed, Mercy began to squirm within her son¡¯s incomplete grasp. Her mind told her that breaking from it was necessary if she was to avoid leaking milk onto his body. In addition, her instincts warned her that continuing to allow him to grope and nuzzle at her body would result in her cumming.

 

Ultimately, neither of these proved a good enough reason to deny the boy his hug. What saved the quivering blonde from drenching her son¡¯s hair with cunt juice was the realization that she had entered the bathroom dressed as a massive slab of masturbatory fuel.

 

At present, all that separated her from nakedness were the straps of a white-gold sling bikini. Fundamentally white, yet bordered by a chrome-gold outline, the once stylish and sexy garment was stretched to the point of invalidation atop her frame. The snug grasp that its thumb-width straps applied to the fair flesh of her shoulders was no different than it had been in the past, but past this point, the flesh and width that her body had gained curtailed the coverage that they offered to a narrow finger¡¯s worth. Both extending down towards her crotch as opposing arcs of the same ¡®V¡¯, these fingers of fabric dug into the tips of her leaking nipples and suckled to the breast flesh above and below them such that both mounds seemed fatter overall. In all likelihood, the fabric¡¯s depression into the flesh of her breasts was likely to blame for the volume of milk presently drooling out of them.

 

Naturally, the garment¡¯s make left the sculpted plumpness of her middle and the succulent width of her fertile hips completely uncovered. When finally its straps reconvened at her crotch, both were drawn so thinly that the patch of fabric meant to cover her lower lips was reduced to the width of a rectangular medical plaster.

 

Among other things (all of which related to Yuuta), presenting her already-whorish frame whilst wearing such a miniscule bathing suit was what had held her behind the bathroom door for so long. Now, with Yuuta nuzzling her frame and the entirety of her body on display, taking some space for herself and reorienting while she still had the chance became her foremost priority.

 

Settling her hands down against Yuuta¡¯s shoulders, she gently peeled the youth from off of her front until his soaked torso was pushed to an arm¡¯s distance ahead of her waist.

 

Regrettably, Mercy wrought no relief from her attempt at self-preservation. In pushing Yuuta away, she situated his frame perfectly for appraisal by her eyes. No less smiley from the sudden cessation of his hug, her eyes trailed from his facial features down to his neck, then past this in an ill-advised trip down his torso.

 

Just below Yuuta¡¯s pectorals was the tip of his cock. Swollen such that the pale flesh that comprised it appeared beet red and glazed with copious amounts of precum, there could be no ignoring its presence.  Below the tip extended a trunk of cockmeat swamped with veins and fattened to a girth that eclipsed Yuuta¡¯s thigh, whilst below this hung a pair of loose, softball-sized testicles that her nose verified as positively reeking of semen.

 

At the sight of it, bathing Yuuta became the very last of Mercy¡¯s concerns.


 

¡°A-Alrighty, that¡¯s enough standing, don¡¯t you think?¡± Mercy stammered. ¡°Let¡¯s get the rest of you cleaned up. It¡¯ll be bed time soon¡ªy-you don¡¯t want to wake up feeling sleepy, right?¡±

 

Not missing a beat, Yuuta shook his head in disconfirmation with a smile on his face. Acting while she could, Mercy gently turned his frame around by his shoulders and pushed him back over to the stool that he had pattered away from. First prompting him to seat himself, she subsequently dropped to her knees to take up a position at his back. Hands momentarily freed from his frame, she collected a nearby basin of warm water she had drawn prior to acquiring her swimsuit. This done, she dipped her mammary-laden torso forward to mitigate the startling difference between their sizes, and spoke.

 

¡°Time to rinse, okay? Eyes closed!¡± she admonished.

 

¡°¡®Kay!¡± Yuuta chimed.

 

Pausing for a moment, Mercy briefly peeked around Yuuta¡¯s back to confirm that he had actually shut his eyes. Visual confirmation of this saw control of the basin cupped between her hands passed solely to her left hand, and initiated a curling descent of her right hand around Yuuta¡¯s front. As tactually deft as any practicing surgeon, she simultaneously manipulated the limbs in two separate actions. Whilst slanting the basin above Yuuta¡¯s head to drain its contents out over his head, she whipped her right hand inward and outward towards his crotch.

 

When all was said and done, the shampoo in his hair was washed out by a blanket of water, and his sticky, unwashed member was partly compressed within the span of Mercy¡¯s right hand.

Appearances aside, Mercy had already taken steps to validate the intimacy of her grasp. Right before squeezing her palm into the balmy log, a flick of her wrist had pumped a splatter of clear soap onto the surface of her palm. Thus, by the time its face made contact with the exterior of Yuuta¡¯s cock, a thin layer of the substance spared its surface from ¡®direct¡¯ contact with his member. As well, it provided her with a vital excuse for the inquiry undoubtedly sitting at the tip of Yuuta¡¯s tongue.

 

¡°Hey! Whacha doin¡¯, Mommy? I thought I was supposed to wash this part of me myself?¡± Yuuta inquired. ¡°It¡¯s ok if you help out¡ªmy hair¡¯s still kinda soapy anyway. Don¡¯t forget that I can do it myself though, ¡®kay?¡±

 

In response, Mercy tipped the weight of her chest further downward to smother her breasts against the back of Yuuta¡¯s head. Purposing both mounds as a pair of malleable pillows for his skull and neck, she quietly created an environment that the boy was unlikely to ask questions about.

 

She did not stop here, either.

 

¡°W-Well, we¡¯ll just make today special, o-okay?¡± she suggested. ¡°You¡¯ve been very helpful and responsible with everything that has been going with¡­well¡­me, s-so I just thought that my little boy deserved some extra attention.¡±

 

¡°I¡¯ll be really quick, so hold still for me, ok?¡±

 

Without a reason to doubt his mother¡¯s intentions, Yuuta shrugged. Turning back to face the bathroom wall ahead of them, he indifferently availed himself to Mercy¡¯s ¡®scrubbing¡¯ as a more normally built child might have accepted the worrisome pruning of a parent.

 

Mercy¡¯s ministrations were anything but worrisome. Convinced that she had successfully ¡®fooled¡¯ her son, she immediately pressed the grasp she had folded around his member down the length of his cock. From tip to root, she applied the same oppressive pressure to the spire¡¯s vascular exterior without notable gains or losses throughout. Through this, the obese blood-vessels strewn about its exterior were easily compressed into her lubricated grasp, and the stifling heat put off by his shaft was allowed a constant soak into the digits folded around it.

 

A single full length stroke of the orifice-ruining endowment widened Mercy¡¯s eyes in disbelief. No matter how many times she wrapped one of her hands around his erection, the experience remained the same. Teased by the throbbing and squirming of veins and strained by the distance that her palm was required to cover, her hand¡¯s arrival at the root of his erection tempted her heart into an infatuated flutter.

 

Given these, it was difficult to tell if she was shocked or smitten.

 

¡°I-It¡¯s just so big¡­¡± she stammered internally, dominant hand frozen in its grasp around the root of his cock. ¡°I-I¡¯ve always known¡ªI feel it and see it so often, b-but this is different. I-It feels like it¡¯s ready to burst, b-but Yuuta doesn¡¯t seem l-like he feels it all!¡±

 

Ever conscious of the speed prerequisites concerned with a proper ¡®washing¡¯, Mercy forced her planted palm back up through another comprehensive choking of Yuuta¡¯s shaft. Drawing another sheen of soap against his member as she went, the return of her grasp to the beginnings of his glans served as the starting point for a more feverish chain of strokes.

 

¡°What I¡¯ve done to his body is just unforgivable.¡± she lamented. ¡°Any girl that he ends up with is somehow going to have to deal with feeling this inside them over and over again. I-If they¡¯re not the right sort of girl, h-he might never be able find someone.¡±

 

¡°I suppose¡­¡±

 


¡°I suppose he¡¯d still have me in that case, but everyone needs someone, don¡¯t they? H-He¡¯s not going to be this age forever after all¡­¡±

 

Whilst Mercy thought, Yuuta relaxed. Unconcerned by the fact that his bath had all but ceased, he pushed his head further backward into the mass of his mother¡¯s bust and locked his gaze down onto the hand pumping up and down the length of his cock.

 

The sight of it made him smile. Noisy and wet, the strokes themselves were devoid of his mother¡¯s usual girlish apprehension, and maintained at a pleasurable speed in spite of the voluminous discharges of precum that regularly burst from his shaft¡¯s tip.

 

Minutes had passed since the leaking of his member had utterly drenched Mercy¡¯s hand in cock-sludge, but she refused to stop. If the speed of her stroking was any indication, the most likely explanation was that she couldn¡¯t.

 

Assured as much by a voice within the back of his head, the smile on his face became a grin.

 

¡°Just a little more should be fine, then.¡± he thought to himself. ¡°I think Mommy should be happy with that, too. It¡¯d be kinda bad if I made her stop when she seems this excited.¡±

 

Unbeknownst to Yuuta, Mercy¡¯s appetite for sexual contact with his cock was no longer something that could be stifled by a glorified handjob.


 

Intoxicated by the stench of Yuuta¡¯s precum and the increased pace of his member¡¯s throbbing, Mercy¡¯s changed libido had committed her to a stroking pattern that all but guaranteed an orgasm for her son.

 

At present, bringing about such a happening was her frame¡¯s focus. The blurting of cunt-slime from between her legs, the dribbling of milk from her nipples¡ªevery behavior that her body produced was one meant to somehow ¡®supplement¡¯ her son¡¯s orgasm. As Mercy remained far too conflicted to accept her need and apply her new body¡¯s gifts to his satiation, each response was blown out of proportion to match the surging speed and messiness of her handjob.

 

Comically, her thoughts remained completely un-invested in her body¡¯s perversions. Whilst edging her son faster than ever before, incessant protest (as opposed to promotion) and concern consumed her mind¡¯s soundscape.

 

¡°O-Oh god, i-it keeps throbbing. I-It¡¯s throbbing harder and harder the f-faster I stroke it¡­¡± she mumbled internally. ¡°I-It¡¯s too hard¡­I-I need to slow it down, otherwise h-he¡¯s gonna get uncomfortable. I-It¡¯s gonna start hurting him so bad¡­¡± she mewled.

 

¡°W-Why am I¡­w-why am I putting so much effort i-into this? T-There¡¯s so much goo on m-my hand and it reeks of s-sperm. It¡¯ll stop if I stop, too! A-All I have to do is stop and everything will stop!¡±

 

No matter how strongly she advocated for an end to her faux scrubbing effort, Mercy¡¯s hand continued to stroke and squeeze stimulation into her son¡¯s reddened erection.

 

Just when all hope of remaining decent seemed lost to her, an especially deep throb of blood passed through Yuuta¡¯s member. Thunderous and thick, Mercy¡¯s perception of it forced her hormone-soaked brain into a realization:

 

¡°One more stroke and you¡¯ll have made your son cum.¡±

 

With these words echoing within her ear, the separation of Mercy¡¯s mind and body was undone. At the request of her consciousness, her hand abandoned its vehement stroking of Yuuta¡¯s cock in favor of a petrified hover adjacent its glans. In return, her body demanded that the squishing of her breasts against his skull be supplemented by a hugging of her free arm around the boy¡¯s front.

 

Left to stew in disbelief as to how close she had come to the point of no return, Mercy took to silence. Mind empty and ears deaf, she focused on steadying her breathing until the voice of the boy at her front forced her to function.

 

¡°Everything ok, Mommy? You¡¯re shaking.¡± Yuuta asked.

 

In the moment, Mercy did not stop to consider telling the truth.

 

¡°I-I¡¯m ok, sweetie¡­¡± Mercy exhaled.

 

¡°Mommy¡¯s just fine¡­¡±

 

-

 

END? ROAD #1



 

Mercy couldn¡¯t wait to be alone. For her, the minutes that she had spent with Yuuta inside the bathroom necessitated time alone inside her bedroom with her face mashed into her pillows and a hand between her legs.

 

To this end, she acted promptly. After escorting her clothed and refreshed child out of the bathroom, she wasted no time in whisking him off to his bedroom and tucking him in for the night. As he had never been one for bedtime stories, the process was as simple as lovingly tousling his hair, kissing his forehead, and reminding him of the fun that awaited him when next he awoke. Once out of his bedroom and safely tucked away within the house¡¯s second floor corridor, she strode back to her bedroom as quickly as her gelatinized limbs would carry her.

 

Behind her bedroom door was where she lost herself. All but tearing off the skin-tight ? pants suckling to her lower body off of her frame, she stumbled towards her bed until a bucking of her legs against its frame plunged her torso into a face-first plant against its mattress.

 

To her, the tumble that she took was ideal. Here, she bent both of her legs at the knee and drew each one upward and inward across the mattress. Pushing her buttocks outwards throughout the transition, she in doing so settled her frame into a face-down ass-up position. Whilst her mouth sat covered by the fabric of her bedsheets, the weight of her torso was comfortably buoyed by the ample mass of her breasts.

 

In this position, she could take care of herself. Parting her lips, she took a wad of sheet fabric between her lips and bit into it with the apprehension of a starving and docile animal. Mouth plugged, she pushed her dominant hand across her abdominals, then curled it upwards until her fingers were greeted by the heat and moisture put off by her womanhood. Oozing syrup as if damaged to the point of internal leakage, her fingers¡¯ contact with the swollen mound yoked a pleasured squeal from her throat out into the welcoming embrace of her bedsheets.

 

Daunting as the hyper-sensitive organ seemed, Mercy refused to wait. Deepening the depression of her teeth into her sheets, she pushed her index, middle, and ring fingers against one another to create a miniature shovel with the digits. Once formed, a curved flick of her wrist plunged their combined girth between her lower lips right down to the knuckle.

 

No sooner did she penetrate herself was the gag plugged between her lips put to actual use.

 

¡°S-So goooood !! I-It feels s-so fucking good, Yuyu¡­?¡± she mewled. ¡°S-Stir me up as much as y-you want¡ªm-make it so that my i-inside can¡¯t forget you~!¡±

 

Mercy had not lost herself. As she was presently, she felt confident that no one would ever hear the words that had come out of her lips. As well, only these words aptly summed up the feelings that presently plagued her unused womanhood.

 

She just no longer cared. So long as she could keep her deranged body from doing ¡®harm¡¯ to the boy that she loved, hissing obscenities into her pillow whilst ceaselessly fucking her insides was a price that she was entirely willing to pay.

 

And pay she did. After snugly goring her fingers into the meat of her cunt, she immediately put her wrist to work in simulating the fucking that her folds so desperately desired. Reversing the invasive spike that had seen the digits plugged through her mound, she withdrew them as far as their middle-joints before viciously stabbing them back from whence they came. Each one gratuitously drenched in the gooey lubricant that gleamed atop the surface of her inner thighs, their second penetration of her folds was just as smooth as the first had been. Unlike the first, however, this one was accompanied by a compliment. Knowing the inner workings of her body better than anyone else, Mercy bent all three of her fingers inward at their tips throughout their depression. Driving the flesh-wrapped bones at these regions against her cunt-flesh alongside her finger nails, she through this complemented the feelings of fullness gained from her penetration with the rush of an internal strain.

 

When finally her fingers returned to their feeble hilt within her cunt, a fraction of the pleasure she had imagined her son¡¯s cock as providing rippled from between her spread folds straight up the length of her spine.

 

Convinced that she had stumbled upon a metronome worth sticking to, Mercy again wrenched her fingers out of her cunt, then plunged them back inwards to set her hand into a spirited ¡®fucking¡¯ of her folds.

 

Visually, her ministrations seemed to be the exact thing that she needed. After a vehement *SPLRT *, all three digits were very easily plunged back through to their hilts within her. Each depression naturally elicited a heavy discharge of her slimy internal lubricant, and even tempted her folds into squirting out more of the substance after the fact. When all three of Mercy¡¯s fingers sat safely within her folds, muscular convulsions applied by her inner walls threatened to see their formation broken, and their extents suckled just as a proper phallus would have been.

 

As she worked, the pleasure that surged through her cunt forced further obscenities into the bedsheets at her lips.

 

¡°Y-Yesss?. F-Feel¡¯sh so g-good¡­.Y-Yuuta¡¯s c-cock stirring up m-my cunt feel¡¯sh PERFECT.¡± she cooed. ¡°I-It¡¯s gonna make me burst. G-Getting my c-cunt warped like t-this is gonna make me c-cum all over myself ?.¡±

 

Whilst speaking, strained bliss and anticipation were the only qualities discernable from Mercy¡¯s face. Cheeks made rosy by her stifling body temperature whilst numerous streaks of sweat trickled down the length of her face, only pleasure could be taken away from the present configuration of her features.

 

The actions that followed her latest string of utterances were those that only a woman on the verge of an orgasm could produce. Instead of slowing the invasive plunge of fingers into her cunt for fear of ¡®cumming all over herself¡¯, Mercy began splitting her lower lips at a much sharper pace. Consumed by a fantasy ¡®apparently¡¯ doomed to remain as such, she gored stimulation into her womanhood until it could stand no more. The flicking of her fingers became a knuckle-deep stir-pumping of her digits within her folds, and the spurting of goo from her depths grew heavy enough to drench her entire hand.

 

Finally, it broke her. As if a switch had been pulled inside her, a final dunking of her fingers sent her frame into a fit of convulsions. With them came a gratuitous billowing of her fluids from between her folds, and the reverberation of a muffled scream throughout the confines of her bedroom.

 

¡°CUMMMMINNNNNNGGGGGGGGGG, Y-Yuuta¡¯s makin¡¯ me cummm  ??~¡± screamed Mercy. ¡°I-I¡¯M GETTING¡¯ FILLED WITH HIS C-CUM~! Y-YUUYA¡¯¡¯S COCK JUI¡¯SH IS BASTING MY WOMB~!¡±

 

Both her scream and its physical compliments were held until her orgasm-warmed muscles were no longer required by her frame. At one moment, Mercy¡¯s propped up lower body trembled in anticipation of failure. At another, her legs dropped flat, and the entirety of her front was granted a flat plant against the surface of her bed.

 

From this was born a sight that required no explanation. With tears in her eyes, dense lubrication puddled between her legs, and a chest heaving up and down in respiration, all signs pointed towards Mercy¡¯s wallowing in the afterglow of release.

 

Truthfully, she was far too removed from reality to wallow in anything. Though she was certain to feel an intense shame when made to recall her actions, the Mercy at present could do naught but smile and giggle at the pleasure that could be taken from merely imagining what her son¡¯s cock might do to her insides¡­

-

 

END  ROAD #2


 

Despite differing from one another with regard to nuance and tone, the paths tread by Mercy and Yuuta following their shared ¡®bath¡¯ were remarkably similar to one another.

 

After tucking her son into bed (a fuss-less activity made even easier by agreeableness on Yuuta¡¯s part), Mercy retired to her bedroom to engage in non-specific activities that she often described as ¡®adult chores¡¯.

 

Yuuta, though prepared by his mother for a sound night¡¯s sleep, spent the first hour following her departure taken up by excitement for the future. The instant the door to his bedroom was closed, thoughts pertaining to the pleasurable bath that he had enjoyed and its implications for the future erupted into his mind with the force of a geyser.

 

¡°It¡¯s finally too much for her! Mommy held out for ages and ages, but it looks like she¡¯s finally ready for us to start doing more fun stuff together!¡± he thought to himself. ¡°I was worried that I might¡¯ve had to keep sneaking pills into her food, but now I don¡¯t have to do a thing! With her body as it is, she¡¯ll probably take the last step for me as long as I ask¡­¡± Grinning, the deductions that he made progressively pushed his thoughts in a more graphic direction. Piece by piece, thoughts pertaining to his success and the potency of his mother¡¯s compound were replaced by extremely vivid images depicting the ¡®activities¡¯ that he would soon subject her to.

 

At first, these thoughts made his heart race. The idea of doing ¡®adult things¡¯ with his mother over and over again whilst she herself enjoyed each one flicked a number of arousing switches within the boy¡¯s head.

 

Minutes later, the thoughts rendered him as disquietingly fidgety. Like most children, patience was not yet a virtue that he had fostered within himself. Such was his opinion of the things that he would do with his mother that dwelling on them only made him desire them more.

 

Ordinarily, flares of youthful greed such as this burned brightly but succinctly within his heart. As the racing of his thoughts exhausted him, the comfort of the bed space surrounding him dragged him closer and closer toward unconsciousness until it consumed him.

 

Tonight, things were different. His mother¡¯s stroking of his member had steered him into a quagmire of unfulfilled arousal too deep for him to escape. Whilst floundering within it, his thoughts regarding the activities capable of satisfying his ¡®frustration¡¯ acted as monstrous limbs intent on sinking his psyche into complete inundation by lust.

 

In this quagmire his greed found an inexhaustible fuel source. Made to burn brighter and hotter by the second, its expansion soon gave way to the inevitable.

 

An explosion.

 

Shooting upright, Yuuta tore the buttons of his pajama top open with his dominant hand, and plunged the other through an incomplete depression of his pants¡¯ waistline across his thighs. Pushing the garment far enough to expose the majority of his erect member, he afterwards clamped his dominant hand around as much of his glans as its tiny span could manage.

 

Before he knew it, he began stroking himself. Making use of the precum already welled within his urethra, he re-glazed the steaming pipe in its own lubricant through a feverish wringing of his palm up and down across its reddened extent. Masterfully flicking his wrist to see the half vice manipulated at a potent speed, he again tapped into the rarely used ¡®sexual ability¡¯ hardcoded into his frame by Mercy¡¯s drugs.

 

Though sweaty and facially feverish, his visage was devoid of exertion. At his lips could be seen an amused sneer whilst his eyes projected the hunger of a starved carnivore down at his erection.

 

Soon enough, these features were directed towards the individual responsible for them. Whilst edging his member towards a sloppy orgasm with his dominant hand, Yuuta pressed his right hand underneath his pillow. Pinching an item beneath it between his index and middle fingers, his withdrawal of the limb peeled a digit-suspended photograph up into his line of sight.

 

Depicted in the photograph was Mercy. Smiling awkwardly with flour dusting her cheeks, her surroundings marked the photograph¡¯s ¡®moment¡¯ as one of her more recent attempts at baking. The shape of her body had already been improved, and the clothing that clung to her frame bloated by flesh as a consequence.

 

Yuuta had requested that the photo be developed to allow for him to tactually ¡®admire¡¯ his mother whenever he felt lonely.

 

At least this was what he told Mercy.

 

In truth, he had predicted being driven to a point such as this following the completion of Mercy¡¯s transition. In such a case, there could be no satiating himself without a proper ¡®fuel¡¯.

 

Now, with eyes bored down into his mother¡¯s visage and cock regularly spewing precum against her depiction, what few concerns he had about properly ¡®containing¡¯ himself disappeared. Refocusing on the pent bloat of his member, he shortened the span of his strokes to a pair of key inches at the very tip of his member. Again and again did he pump at this fraction of his member whilst his imagination generated a full and rosy face from out of photograph ahead of his glans.

 

The more real this face became, the more volatile the boy`s greed became.

 

¡°She¡¯s going to drink it all; I¡¯m going to watch her gargle it.¡±


 

¡°I¡¯m going to fucking coat her face in it.¡±

 

¡°Mommy¡¯s going to be my sperm-tank and no one else¡¯s!¡±

 

Unbridled, the stimulation that he fed himself paid dividends far sooner than he had imagined. Swiftly overcome by stimulation, Yuuta pressed the tip of his member down into a dead-on point at his photograph and accelerated his stroking effort up to an unsustainable speed. Drawing ropey strands of precum from out of his cock one after another, their release eventually culminated in a sudden thrust of his hips towards the photograph.

 

Following this, he erupted.  All at once, a thread of cock juice engorged by Mercy¡¯s efforts and discolored by fermentation exploded out into a massive smear against Mercy¡¯s face. More similar to a chunk-laden paste than sticky reproductive fluid, its contents adhered to the photograph¡¯s span as if glued in place by another substance entirely.

 

By itself, the strand of steaming muck consumed the entirety of Mercy¡¯s likeness. Far too orgasmic to recognize as much, this fact did not stop Yuuta from stroking equally repulsive ropes of his nut out against it one after another.

 

At present, he needed to. There could be no substitute for finally blasting his cock juice out against Mercy¡¯s face, but for the moment it was all he had.

 

Soon, he would have more¡ªenough so that he¡¯d never have to settle for a mere photograph of his mother ever again¡­

By the end of Yuuta¡¯s very first week living as Angela Ziegler¡¯s son, Saturdays became designated as ¡®shared activity days¡¯ to be spent between himself and his mother. Throughout these days, the pair invested themselves in a game or event deemed by Mercy to both ¡®fun¡¯ and ¡®child friendly¡¯.

 

Whether spent inside of their home or outside of it, Mercy personally ensured that each activity that they approached together was one that eventually brought a smile out of her son. Beginning with safe and quiet trips to the neighbourhood¡¯s local parks, she progressively branched out into trips to the movie theater (typically when the theaters were most empty), and scheduled dives into the urban metropolis nearest their home (on days wherein the volume of people within the city was sufficient enough to render them invisible). Eventually, the number of incident-free outings enjoyed by the two of them grew large enough for her to begin planning events unhindered by thoughts pertaining to the¡­ ¡®Abnormalities¡¯ in Yuuta¡¯s body.

 

Originally, she had believed that outings like this were a necessary part of facilitating Yuuta¡¯s development as a normal boy. No child¡ªno matter how mild-mannered or tolerant¡ªcould benefit from confinement to a single house and neighbourhood. Allowing Yuuta to play outside close to home and overseeing his actions whilst inside it granted her the peace of mind that she required to wrap her head around the broader aspects of parenthood, but it remained apparent to her that the utility of this pattern would only decrease as time went on. As such, she forced herself out of her comfort zone, and in doing so bent her parental performance away from the pitfalls of ¡®obsessive coddling¡¯ and ¡®failure to facilitate growth¡¯.

 

As was the case with most things attempted by Mercy, her efforts reaped immediate success. Throughout her first year with Yuuta, the events that she came up with were met with excitement and interest from him. After a short period of him silently accepting whatever plan she presented, Mercy soon discerned anticipation and investment in his behavior toward the events themselves.  Seemingly hell-bent on melting her heart, he thanked her at the end of each Saturday with a hug and a kiss, and spent the entire week leading up to next making not-so-subtle suggestions as to the ¡®games¡¯ they might try next.

 

The alterations made to Mercy¡¯s frame changed the face of these activities for good. When Yuuta¡¯s interests first began drifting towards perversion, the worst that Mercy could expect where one of his requests was concerned was his asking for too long of a hug, too deep a kiss, or too long a stay nuzzled up against the ample plush of her chest. First following the enhancement of her frame, then after the momentously perverse bath that they took together, Mercy found his requests set on a trend of steady escalation¡ªescalation that she could not help but facilitate.

 

To her, it almost seemed as though Yuuta could see into her head. The weeks that followed her failed attempt at stroking the boy to fruition were jam packed with lewd requests from him. Sometimes, he seemed content with choosing her wardrobe for the day. The outfits he chose typically consisted of the smallest and tightest articles of clothing that she still owned, but at the very least, these were wearable. Other times, however, he requested that she spend their time together inside the house in only her underwear. When pressed for an explanation as to why he desired these things of her, his explanation was the same:

 

The more of her he could see, the better.

 

With regard to their Saturday activities, Yuuta became fixated on remaining at home. As the present weather disallowed the use of the backyard for the pseudo ¡®beach days¡¯ that they enjoyed together during the summer¡ªdays that validated Mercy¡¯s squeezing herself into a swimsuit of some kind¡ªhe satisfied his desire for his mother¡¯s frame by perverting activities that they had already attempted.

 

Baking days became excuses for him to suggest that Mercy work whilst topless and apron-clad. Movie days devolved into a pretext for him to covertly grope her atop the living room couch while they relaxed. Games of house-wide hide and seek¡ªan already difficult activity for Mercy given her size¡ªwere made all the more difficult for her as the designated seeker. While she looked, Yuuta spent the duration of each game ogling her frame as she bent and stretched in search of his hiding place.

 

Once out of simple ideas to warp, Yuuta began to come up with his own. The first of these was introduced by the youth as a game of ¡®Hospital¡¯. His role was to be that of a patient in need of medical treatment whereas Mercy¡¯s was to be that of a doctor. The object of the game was for the doctor to nurse the patient back to health; a childish representation of reality if there ever was one.

 

Yuuta being Yuuta, his description of the game did not end here. As doctor, Mercy was required to wear a special outfit suited for practicing medicine. Additionally, her participation would bind her to all of the requests placed by the patient so long as they were medical in nature.

 

These two clauses made Mercy especially wary of the game itself. Assurances from Yuuta as to the medical nature of the game assuaged some of these concerns, but reality had taught her that the boy¡¯s word did not always match his actions.

 

Nevertheless, she did not act on her suspicion. She swallowed the obscenity of Yuuta¡¯s outfit as par for his current course, and looked towards the upcoming Saturday with a mix of dread and eager anticipation.

 

Which of these feelings was more prevalent within her heart was unknown even to her.

 

In all likelihood, they always would be.

 

-

 

THE BEDROOM OF YUUTA ZIEGLER¡ªSATURDAY AFTERNOON


 

For the first time in several weeks, Saturday afternoon found Yuuta Ziegler sprawled out flat across the length of his mattress. Naked, and motionless save for the blinking of his eyelids, his appearance atop his bed was more comparable to a corpse than it was to an energetic little boy.

 

Presently, however, Yuuta was neither of these things. At present, the naked youth believed himself to be a bed-ridden inpatient at a hospital.

 

His knowledge of hospitals and the physical capabilities of the typical inpatient demanded that he behave in such a way that matched the beliefs that he adopted. Presently, this was of the utmost importance. Though he harbored no real desire to actually return to the bed-ridden state that had dominated his time within the Overwatch Medical Facilities, pretending that this was case seemed to him as the best way to make the most of the events that were to make up his Saturday.

 

Minutes into his silent observance of his bedroom ceiling, Yuuta felt immersed enough in his position to finally begin having fun. Closing his eyes, a jovial grin burst across lips, and remained there for several seconds before being undone in favor of inhalation.

 

Manipulating his vocal chords, Yuuta threw his voice.

 

¡°OH-NO! It looks like the patient is slipping into critical condition!¡± Yuuta shouted, tone of voice sharpened in imitation of the average young adult female. ¡°Dr.Mommy, please come to operating room #1! The patient will explain the procedures that will be required of you as soon as you enter, but please make sure that you¡¯re dressed and ready to perform a bunch of different healing procedures, ¡®kay?¡±

 

Making certain to arc his pillow-planted skull up towards his bedroom door while he spoke, Yuuta dropped his head back down from whence it came the moment he finished speaking. Shutting his eyes again, he returned to his earlier stillness in anticipation of his savior¡¯s arrival. All the while fighting the desire to smile or giggle, a muted grin finally crept across the right side of his face when the sound of his bedroom door being pushed open began flowing into the room.

 

Behind the sound came several others in sequence. Qualitatively mixed between a pole¡¯s thudding against solid ground and a heel¡¯s click from off of hard wood, the ¡®image¡¯ that it evoked within his mind was that of something extremely large and metallic attempting to move with the dainty smoothness of something much smaller. Again and again did these thudding clicks echo throughout the room. Each produced at a point slightly closer to his bed than the last, the last of them to reach Yuuta¡¯s ear suggested that their source had made it from the mouth of his bedroom to his bedside.

 

With this, Yuuta forgot his role and opened his eyes. Beaming up at individual responsible for the noises themselves, he found the smile that spread across his lips widened even further by her appearance.

 

¡°There you are, Dr.Mommy! The nurse said that you wouldn¡¯t be long, but that was even faster than I thought!¡± he chirped. ¡°You¡¯re all dressed for medical stuff, too! Seeing you so ready to help out n¡¯stuff has me feeling better already!¡±

 

For all that had come before her entry and all that would come after, Mercy found herself moved to a smile of her own after hearing her son¡¯s greeting. Towering over her son¡¯s bedside as a figure both arousing and imposing, the sound of his voice and the sight of his happiness nevertheless evoked feelings of parental weakness within her.

 

So far as she was concerned, it was Yuuta¡ªa bed-spread child whose naked stomach was consumed by a phallus nearly thicker and longer than his torso¡ªwho towered over her.

 

Brandishing a learned familiarity with the sight of her son¡¯s semi-erect cock and the scents that bled from his pale flesh, Mercy narrowly avoided descent into another of the romantic stupors thrust at her by Yuuta¡¯s presence. Free enough to not only recall, but fixate on the role that she had been given, she raised both of her arms into a folded, fist-clenched pump opposite the impossible swell of her breasts. With this, she forced a disjointed smile through her flushed facial features and returned Yuuta¡¯s greeting as best as her stirred loins would allow.

 

¡°T-That¡¯s right! N-never fear! W-With¡­u-uh¡­W-With Dr.Mommy, y-you¡¯ll always heal!¡± she replied. ¡°I-I came right away when I heard that one of my favorite patients was in critical condition! This s-suit that I¡¯m wearing is s-specially designed to help enhance my healing abilities, s-so you don¡¯t have to worry about a thing! No matter what¡¯s wrong, I-I won¡¯t be leaving this room until my Yuy¡ªI MEAN¡ªm-my patient is feeling well again!¡± she affirmed.

 

As was in his nature, Mercy¡¯s commitment to her performance moved Yuuta into a genuine giggle of excitement. The moment it passed, his eyes again trailed from his mother¡¯s face down across the expansive length and width of her frame in observation of the ¡®suit¡¯ that he had mentioned.

 

Per the suggestions that he had made prior to the arrival of its day of use, the outfit that Mercy had squeezed herself into was a woefully impractical (and almost entirely pointless) re-design of the armored dress that she had once worn into live combat.

 

From her head down to the beginnings of her breasts, the outfit did not appear very different from the original.  Platted atop her shoulders and upper back were layered pauldrons composed of the same lightweight alloy that made up the primary ¡®protective¡¯ portions of her dress. An onyx collared variant of this metal protected her neck via a lithe, turtleneck-like armoring, and additional stretches of the brighter plating bled back across her shoulders into coverage for her upper back. Embedded into these stretches of plating were the same transmission armaments within her original dress. The angelic wings that had once defined her appearance still hovered just out of contact with her back, and the glow that they emitted still suggested a great deal of technological functionality.

 

These wings were where all similarities between her current garment and its predecessor ended. Rather than extending down into the mixed orange, black, and gold materials responsible for covering her lower back, the entirety of Mercy¡¯s backside¡ªfrom mid-back straight down to beginnings of her heels, sat completely devoid of any sort of coverage. Whereas a lack of coverage for her back could have forgiven, the exposure of the arm-length span of her doughy buttocks and the miniature yoga-ball¡¯s worth of fat and flesh that they offered could not be described as anything else other than whorish. Dough-like consistency on full display, not a single stretchmark or blemish could be seen atop either of the monstrous globes.

 

To a point, the nakedness of her heart-shaped rear was exceeded by the nakedness of her front.

 

Not counting the skin-tight black gloves snugly enveloping her hands and the orange-shaded braces that enveloped her forearms and biceps, the pale meat of Mercy¡¯s front was barren. From her neck plating downwards, the engorged udders that had replaced her modest bust could be seen obscuring the top half of her torso with their bloat. This time without the restrictive hold of a swimsuit or brassiere, both mounds seemed to slope a bit further down the length of her frame whilst simultaneously boasting a more ample swell than they did when clothed. Given their excess, the sheer amount of material that would have been required to cover them in the same way her neck and chest had been actually made the minimal armor-plating situated at the peak of the meaty tear drops seem appropriate.

 

From her breast downwards, Mercy¡¯s nakedness was no less appealing to Yuuta. The obtuse arcing of her padded hip structure away from the equally-squishy span of her middle and lower abdominals left absolutely nothing to the imagination. An hourglass in the extreme, Yuuta found his line of sight drifting from the width of her hips down to the pliant, tree-trunk thickness of one of her thighs. Described fairly, the width of these naked limb sections exceeded that of his torso by a visible margin. Effortlessly shifting from one side of her body to the next, he nonetheless acquired a very clear ¡®picture¡¯ of the leaking mound nestled at the base of her crotch. Each second that he stared at Mercy¡¯s frame was another second that her drooling lower lips drained heavy strands of honeyed sexual lubricant down the length of her inner thighs. Of course no amount of output from her folds could ever see the surface area of her limbs fully-glazed in the substance, but the organ¡¯s attempt still offered a great deal of visual interest to the boy.

 

Awaiting Yuuta at the end of his visual trip were a pair of knee-high brown-black socks that trailed downward into a pair of matching platform high-heels. Still blissfully ignorant as to the descriptive content of terms like ¡®slutwear¡¯ or ¡®stripper gear¡¯, both items seemed to him as precisely what they were: one of many options for clothing Mercy¡¯s legs from her knees downwards. Yet again, this did not stop his cock from fattening further at the sight of them, or his mind from silently applauding Mercy¡¯s decision to don them.

 

 

When no more of his mother¡¯s body remained available for perusal, Yuuta ended his seconds-long ogling session with an innocent tweaking of his gaze straight back up towards her face. Features excited, yet much more measured relative to the glaring ¡®sunniness¡¯ seen in his greeting, the sight of him swiftly assumed the ¡®feel¡¯ likely to be given off by any other adorable (and underage) youth.

 

This one, however, was not at all what he appeared to be.

 

¡°Yup, I believe in you Dr.Mommy!¡± he affirmed. ¡°I¡¯m still here to help, though! I can¡¯t make myself feel better, but the nurses told me that I have to direct you through some of this stuff. They said you might not know exactly what t¡¯do if I didn¡¯t!¡± he repeated.

 

The only response that Mercy believed to be appropriate in the face of this utterance was an affirmative nod of her head, and an (failed) attempt at smoothing out the nervy smile still etched across her glossed lips. Yuuta had explained the basic ¡®theme¡¯ of the game to her well in advance of the weekend¡¯s arrival, but the exact treatment that would be required of her as Dr.Mommy was not yet known to her.

 

Mustering yet more of his latent acting skills, Yuuta pushed his back-spread frame up into a seated position atop his mattress. This done, he tilted his head backwards slightly to maintain eye-contact with Mercy, and raised his right hand into a slant of its index finger against his jaw. Furrowing his brow as if attempting to recall information already at the forefront of his brain, a quiet ¡°Oh!¡± from the back of his throat preceded another spirited explanation from him.

 

¡°Apparently¡­¡±

 

A single word into his explanation, Mercy found herself internally denouncing the reality that she had already embraced.

 

¡°Please. Please nothing too awful. Just having him stare at me again is making my insides feel like they¡¯re going to melt¡­¡±

 

¡°I¡¯m all clogged up on the inside! Y¡¯know, down here!¡± raising his subordinate hand, Yuuta briefly pointed down at the still-growing phallus at his crotch. ¡°To make it better, you gotta use your mouth and hands to make all of the gooey stuff inside of me flow better¡­or something.¡± Yuuta recited. ¡°The head surgeon recommends deep internal cleaning with plenty of stroking and a little bit of sucking, too!¡±

 

Slowly but surely, Yuuta¡¯s explanation pulled Mercy¡¯s closed eyes into a wide and fearful stare at his face. When first Yuuta had voiced his desire for a new Saturday game, bracing herself for a degree of perversion was only natural. The modifications to one of her uniforms, their commitment to make-believe roles¡ªeverything pointed towards another evening spent denying her desires whilst providing her son with sexual pleasure.

 

Nevertheless, hearing Yuuta describe non-specific sexual satiation as a part of his game was jarring.

Exciting, but extremely jarring.

 

Denying the boy his request and chastising him for his perversion remained removed from her mind as an option, but what remained of her parental integrity urged her to remove all ambiguity from his request before consenting to it.

 

¡°U-Um, Yuy¡ªMr.Patient¡­¡± Mercy began, eyes occasionally sliding towards the youth¡¯s now-drooling shaft before snapping right back up to his face. ¡°I-I think I know what you mean, b-but when you say internal cleaning, could you be more specific for me, maybe?¡±

 

Completely undaunted by Mercy question, Yuuta¡¯s expression remained as it had been prior to her utterance.

 

¡°Sure! I think it had something to do with stuffing your face with my asshole and stirring everything inside with your tongue!¡± he added. ¡°The stuff with your hands and mouth wasn¡¯t really that specific, but the medical team prolly just wanted you to stroke it and suck it a lot¡ªkinda like you did for me that one time we took a bath together ¡®member?¡±

 

In this moment, Mercy felt her mind shut off. The words that Yuuta had spoken echoed repeatedly within her mind, but her hormone-addled cognitive faculties refused to decode them.

 

Blinded by the pride that welled within his chest after providing his mother with so many useful details, it took Yuuta a moment to recognize that he had acted against his role as Mercy¡¯s patient. Presuming this to be the reason for his mother¡¯s odd silence, the boy laughed off the blunder as another part of the game, and poked the tip of his tongue between his lips in a display of repentance.

 


¡°Whoops! I guess all of the medicine and stuff I¡¯ve been taking is messing with my brain. I should lay back down¡­¡±

 

Tipping his frame backwards, Yuuta settled himself back down against his mattress. The moment his head returned to its comfortable plant against his pillow, he closed his eyes, and recommitted to his role in the game.

 

¡°Anyway, I¡¯m not worried. You¡¯re Dr.Mommy¡ªstuff like that should be a breeze for you, right?¡± he teased.

 

With that comment, Mercy found the required motivation to think about something other than the impossibility of her situation and the throbbing cock feet below her. Yuuta¡¯s final choice of words perched expectation atop her shoulders¡ªa child¡¯s natural expectation of performance from their parent. Though his expectations were wholly sexual in nature, this did not change the fact that they¡¯d come from him: the boy that she loved as both a son and a man.

 

Long since past the point of no return, Mercy acted before a single thought could pass through her brain. Many a night had she dreamed of somehow validating a descent into her current position; her son doing so for her (and packaging his process in such a way that also made her seem like a helpful parent) was a dream come true.

 

Scrambling down onto the mattress space ahead of Yuuta¡¯s legs, Mercy set herself upright at the region on bent knees. Thigh-flesh accentuated, she responded to Yuuta¡¯s suggestion not as Angela Ziegler, but as the world renowned ¡®Dr.Mommy¡¯.

 

¡°U-Understood! I-I¡¯ll do the very best that I can!¡± she affirmed.

 

Intent stated, Mercy applied herself. Reaching down with both of her hands, she took hold of the childish span of Yuuta¡¯s hips and hoisted his lower body up out of contact with his mattress. Finding his body to be much lighter than she remembered it to be, she experienced no difficulty in pulling him upward until only the upper-most fringes of his back remained in contact with his bed¡¯s surface.

 


See-sawing the boy¡¯s body in this manner left his cock and balls to slump backwards across the length of his abdominals whilst simultaneously placing his taint within reach of her lips. Having attained the setup that she desired, Mercy slid her palms downward from Yuuta¡¯s hips to set their spans into contact with the root of both of his thighs¡¯ undersides. With the limb-sections in her grasp, she forced them apart from one another, and in doing so exposed the taut, rosebud pink hole settled between her son¡¯s buttocks.

 

Stiffing her desire to drool as best she could, Mercy left the support of Yuuta¡¯s hips to her right hand, and plunged the left down his front into a firm gloving of the boy¡¯s stomach-settled cocktip.

 

Then and only then did she feed herself. Parting her lips, she exposed an oral-cavity once glued shut by sheer willpower to the open air. This done, she forced her tongue out from it, and finally snapping her skull inwards to smother its mired flesh against the virginal exterior of Yuuta¡¯s asshole¡­

 

-

 

PLAYING DOCTOR


 

Mercy loved it.

 

A wriggle of her tongue within the taut confines of her son¡¯s asshole and a downward grind of her palm along his glans confirmed to her what she had spent hours fucking into herself all on her own: attending to her son¡¯s every sexual whim was pleasurable.

 

Spurred on by this reality, Mercy rose to the occasion set out before her. With the taste of her son¡¯s nubile frame staining her tongue and her dominant hand aptly gloving his glans, the beginnings of her efforts steadily transitioned into a practiced (and dedicated) ¡®clearing¡¯ of her sick patient¡¯s phallus-piping.

 

Momentarily, Mercy locked the stroking delivered by her palm into a consistent and uninteresting stride. Diverting executional resources from her wrist to her skull, she pressed her facial features further down into Yuuta¡¯s taint, and in doing so buried the full length of her tongue slightly deeper into the twitching warmth of his asshole. Not surprisingly, her doing so smothered of her nostrils into the semen-scented flesh just below the hanging flesh of his testicles, and further clouded her muddled thoughts with mental images that depicted the writhing, steaming, ¡®payoff¡¯ that awaited her were she to do her job correctly.

 

Already addicted to her son¡¯s reproductive potential in most every facet pertaining to it, these thoughts urged Mercy into a less-than-flattering (but qualitatively mild) snort against the underside of Yuuta¡¯s testicles mere moments after she completed her transition.

 

This shot of musky narcotic straight into her brain incited further action from her. Subsequently, she began stirring her tongue around the confines of Yuuta¡¯s rear at the oppressive ¡®behest¡¯ of the hole itself. Clean and unused, every move that she made with the saliva drenched organ further subjected it to the crushing pressure imposed by his inner walls, the stifling heat exuded by his flesh, and the taste of his obscenely-dense semen.

 

¡®Why¡¯ the boy¡¯s body was so averse to invasion was not lost on Mercy. An abnormal internal body temperature was to be expected given the organs housed within his body. The taste of virile cock juice within his intestines was likely a product of hyperactivity from his prostate¡ªanother logical mutation given the changes made to his frame. On the other hand, the inane compression imposed by his inner walls on her tongue was most likely reflexive. Pleasurable as her efforts were¡ªor so she believed¡ªMercy doubted that the boy had ever felt a rough, saliva-glazed serpent swirl around through his innards.

 

Not surprisingly, her knowledge as to his condition contributed a great deal to her performance. Knowing that her son could handle a certain amount of ¡®hunger¡¯ from her saw her trade out the languid wriggling of her tongue within his rear for a wide, circular swirling of its exterior within his depths. Beginning with the compression of her tongue¡¯s right side against his right inner wall, she rolled the organ upward along the walls surrounding its length. Throughout its roll, the tightness of his hole saw the face of her tongue smothered to the wall of flesh above it. Bit by bit, the affectionate nuzzling of her organ¡¯s right side up across the ceiling of its entrapment pushed its face into contact with Yuuta¡¯s left inner wall, then finally around through a gooey grind against the ¡®flooring¡¯ that her tongue¡¯s underside had hovered atop at the beginning of her rotation.

 

As she did with most things, Mercy managed the swirling of her tongue and its occasional ¡®pressing¡¯ against Yuuta¡¯s tender meat as an expert. Backed by a constant outflow of saliva from her mouth and an incremental inundation of her taste buds with the flavor of semen, she saw to it that her first full-rotation was seamlessly followed by the beginning of a second.

 

Where Yuuta was concerned, there could no limiting herself¡ªespecially with how much she had come to enjoy his body.

 

As she worked, the confines of her mind were devoid of the woeful prattle that her consciousness often produced to save face.

 

At present, Mercy spent her time tonguing her son¡¯s asshole ruminating on matters of relevance.

 

¡°Yuyu¡¯s asshole tastes so gooood ?.¡± she cooed to herself. ¡°H-His insides are so hot and sticky¡­just moving my tongue like this is making me drool so much~!¡± though phrased as a complaint, the tone of this thought was one of appreciation as opposed to lamentation. ¡°I s-swear I can almost taste his c-cum like this. I-If the real thing i-is anythin¡¯ like this, I-I¡¯m never going to be able to get the taste of him out of my mouth. M-My lips are going to reek of semen and sweat s-so badly that I won¡¯t be able t-to talk to anyone else for days¡­¡±

 

While coherent, Mercy¡¯s thought process throughout her stirring of Yuuta¡¯s asshole was one more-so suited for a degenerate than a mother. Her adoration for the boy had not faded, but her latest attempt at ensuring his happiness had assaulted her senses with enough stimulation to completely numb her to shame.

 

Shortly, her mind was forced to focus on reality. In reality, tonguing her son¡¯s asshole and smearing the taste of his cock juice into her mouth was something that she wanted. The same was true of marking the boy¡¯s hole with her drool, and pleasuring him until he saw it fit to splatter his semen inside one of her holes.

 

There could no longer be any denying it¡ªshe wanted to be a shameless tool capable of fulfilling her child¡¯s every desire.

 

¡°J-Just stirring won¡¯t be enough, though¡­¡± amidst her depraved musings, a slightly more practical though crossed Mercy¡¯s mind. ¡°I¡¯ve got to keep suckling, slurping, and digging until I can put some pressure on his cute little prostate ?. That way, he¡¯ll release even more cum, and will be even more appreciative of ¡®Dr.Mommy¡¯ when he finally does~!¡± she reasoned.

 

Intent set, Mercy immediately adjusted her rimming of Yuuta¡¯s rear to suit her new goals. Pushing her lips into tighter contact with his sphincter, she willed the finite length of her tongue into a deeper plunge through his virginal hole in search of the organ that would soon contribute to his orgasm. Subsequent to these changes came increases in the speed at which she rotated her tongue around the confines of his guts and the amount of pressure that she applied against his inner walls with the organ itself.

 

A natural in every sense of the word, neither of these actions required a significant ¡®investment¡¯ where her cognitive resources were concerned. What few rotations she had managed prior to deciding to up her ante had provided her lips and tongue with all of the experience that they required to complete the task set out for them. Consequently, her suckling to Yuuta¡¯s asshole was reduced to an expression of automaticity.

 

Mercy¡¯s successful execution of this fraction of Yuuta¡¯s request did not see her begin resting on her laurels. Using what resources had been taken up in her attempts at finding her ¡®stride¡¯ as Dr.Mommy, she turned her attention to ensuring that her milking of Yuuta¡¯s glans matched the stirring of his asshole in quality.

 

By this point, providing Yuuta with an effective handjob was no longer difficult for her. The limitations of her feminine hands required that she be ¡®creative¡¯ in how she applied her fingers and where she chose to impress the width of her palm into the vein-riddled meat of his cock.  The volume of precum siphoned from his member as a result of the numerous squeezes and strokes that she had attempted progressively pointed her towards optimal strategies for the future.

 

The fruits of her learning process became apparent from the first downward pump that she applied to Yuuta¡¯s member. The fact that her efforts were localized to the top half of his glans (a decision that localized the moist pressure applied by her palm to a historically sensitive pocket of nerves) was not at all unnerving to her. Within minutes, both her hand and wrist completely adjusted to the simplicity of her task and the control that they had been handed in it. Whilst her fingers and palms choked the nose of Yuuta¡¯s glans and forced each blurt of precum that erupted from his urethra into a messy backsplash across its flesh, her wrist carried the miniature sleeve from the very tip of his glans down to a point just above the flesh-helmet¡¯s end.

 

Stated simply, Mercy¡¯s approach was not unlike the milking of a disgustingly-oversized cow-udder¡ªalbeit at a sharp incline. Each inward flick of her wrist greased the bloat of Yuuta¡¯s glans with precum and compressed its flesh into her grasp to the tune of a gooey *SHPLTCH*. As these motions involved encapsulating unruly cockmeat into a space far too narrow to properly contain it, exertion was required on her part to maintain the shape of her palm-sleeve until the inches of cockmeat that she wished to trap were pressed into it. When the time came for her to undo her progress and depress her hand downwards, Mercy localized the exertion injected into her limb down to her thumb and index finger. In doing so, her palm¡¯s ascent back up to the tip of Yuuta¡¯s member wrung with it several ropes¡¯ worth of cloudy, congealed precum back up the length of his shaft. These volumes of precum were released just in time for the renewal of her palm¡¯s gloving of Yuuta¡¯s cocktip, thereby sparing them from a useless splatter against the boy¡¯s stomach, and instead applying them as lubrication with which to pleasure him.

 

These ministrations and all of their intricacies were managed by Mercy¡¯s subconscious. At the time of their introduction, acquainting herself to the scent and taste of Yuuta¡¯s cock juice had been much more important to her.

 

The ¡®freeing¡¯ of her mental resources saw her efforts pushed to the current ceiling of her sexual abilities. In the blink of an eye, the brisk pace she had set for her wrist became a blinding oscillation between inward flicks and downward plunges. The pleasurable oppression imposed by her palm became a phallus-draining suffocation of Yuuta¡¯s glans. Even the noise produced by her efforts¡ªa glutted and unpredictable chorus of gulps and squelches created within her palm¡ªbecame more obscene.

 

For any other woman, such strides would have been impossible. For Angela Ziegler¡ªa sex-addled mother desperate to keep a smile spread across her son¡¯s face¡ªthey were necessary.

 

Unsurprisingly, Mercy could not be bothered to think about the grand scheme of her situation whilst at work. She had been asked to perform as Dr.Mommy, so this was precisely what she did.

 

Unbeknownst to her, what she defined as necessary efficiency was perceived by Yuuta as light-hearted instigation.

 

Throughout the beginnings of his mother¡¯s performance, it had been all too easy for the youth to turn his mind off and savor the pleasure that he was provided. The experience itself still paled in comparison to what he imagined driving his cock into the leaking mound between her legs would be like, but it in itself was momentous enough to warrant appreciation.

 

He had asked for his mother to milk his member whilst tonguing his asshole. Not only had she agreed to do so, but she had applied herself to the task as though her life depended on it. The changes made to her body and her continued exposure to his frame had finally brought her desires into complete congruence with his own¡ª just as the instincts within the back of his mind had predicted. If only to see how far she pushed herself, laying back and allowing her to work herself into exhaustion seemed to him as a natural way to commemorate the event.

 

Soon enough, however, Mercy¡¯s dedication denied him this option. Beset by intolerable amounts of stimulation from two different pleasure centers, Yuuta began to feel himself being pulled towards a massive release far faster than he had ever intended.

 

The sensation itself wasn¡¯t worrisome¡ªfundamentally, it was one that he welcomed. Nevertheless, being dragged as opposed to pushing towards something on his own did not sit well with the boy.

 

For as much as he enjoyed being spoiled, being controlled without first consenting to this control was among the most unacceptably maddening slights that he could suffer.

 

Or so his changed cognitive structure stated.

 

Mercy, though blameless in her dedication, could not be allowed to direct proceedings unless he allowed her to. With this in mind, Yuuta forced his facial expression from one of open-mouthed euphoria to mischief. Subsequently, he curled his left leg inward, and settled his foot against the sweat-glossed exterior of Mercy¡¯s left shoulder.

 

Without warning, he pushed. Engaging the muscle mass of his lower body, he pushed off of Mercy¡¯s frame with his left foot to shove his body up across his mattress. Freed from the dual assault of Mercy¡¯s lips and hands, he flopped back down to a back-first plant against his bed.


All the while, his expression remained bright¡ªlike that of a child still in the midst of a game.

 

¡°Emergency, emergency!¡± Yuuta chimed. ¡°The patient is failing, Dr. Mommy! His vitals recommend a quick burst of suction with your mouth before we can properly operate! You¡¯re still prepared for the task, aren¡¯t you?¡±

 

Naturally, the forced cessation of Mercy¡¯s efforts caught the older woman by surprise. Pouting and sulking was her first instinct following the pop of her tongue from out of his rear and the severance of the spittle strands connecting his sphincter and her lips. Thanks to the boy¡¯s voice, the response actually realized by her frame was one of quick compliance to Yuuta¡¯s demand.

 

According to him, the two of them were still in the midst of a game. Though part of this game required that she service his asshole and member at the same time, another fraction required that she use her mouth¡ªand her mouth alone¡ªto pleasure him. Thus, if she refused to perform, it could be said that she ¡®wasn¡¯t playing correctly¡¯.

 

To her, this simply wasn¡¯t an option.

 

Utilizing the opportunity that had been provided to her, Mercy lunged forward and downwards to set her torso into a forward bend toward Yuuta¡¯s steaming member. Halting her approach the moment the face of her bust was pressed into the underside of his member, she pressed her palms into the lithe span of his thighs, and peeked ahead of the swollen monstrosity mounted at his crotch to direct another unstable smile towards his face.

 

¡°Y-Yes! I¡¯m ready¡­I think¡­¡± she breathed out, lips still-smeared with saliva from her earlier efforts. ¡°Please try and hold still for me, Mr. Patient. This part might be particularly uncomfortable for you¡­?.¡±

 

Nervy, yet very obviously attached to her son¡¯s cock, Mercy followed up her utterance with a swift parting of her lips, and a downward plunge of her skull that depressed the beginnings of Yuuta¡¯s cocktip straight between them.

 

No sooner did the mouth-watering flavour of sweat, semen, and sperm-tinged precum enter her mouth did the fact that she was ¡®playing¡¯ with Yuuta vacate her mind. Minutes of dedicated sucking and stroking from her mouth and hands had been required for her to forget that her performance was in fact a performance as opposed to her willfully embracing a sexual demand from her son. So deeply had the stench of Yuuta¡¯s cock and cum dug into her mind that finally tasting the phallus responsible for them saw the landscape of Mercy¡¯s consciousness utterly razed by lust.

 

In such hellish conditions, only a single concept maintained access to ¡®means of reproduction¡¯ within her mind.

 

¡°I need to pump my lips up and down Yuuta¡¯s cock until he spews his greasy cock juice down my throat!¡±

 

As this idea flourished within Mercy¡¯s mind, her framed acted to simulate its contents. First driving her skull further downwards, she spread the finite span of her lips across the reddened nose of Yuuta¡¯s glans until the glossed pillows were forced to stretch in accommodation of it. In no way taxed by the happening (another helpful side-effect wrought from her changed frame), the disappearance of Yuuta¡¯s glans between her lips saw their span match the cock-section¡¯s obscene, fist-thick width.

 

From this point onward, Mercy ¡®task¡¯ became even easier. Wholly intent on following Yuuta¡¯s description of sucking to the letter, Mercy continued press inches of his cock between her lips until just over half of it remained outside of her mouth. These inches consumed the entirety of her oral cavity before being squeezed through an equally compressed space down through the curve of her throat and into her esophagus.

 

Throughout the process, Mercy did not gag once. Hardly aware of the fact that sputtering and retching¡ªif not outright choking¡ªwere prerequisites if one was to swallow down such a massive spire of cockmeat, her enhanced frame reduced the ¡®difficulty¡¯ associated with the act to that of natural swallowing. Thus, rather than stopping the descent of her lips where her gag-reflex might¡¯ve dictated, Mercy sandwiched her son¡¯s sweaty breeding-log down into her gullet until she felt that the most sensitive portions of it sat wrapped within the slimy embrace of her esophagus.

 

Following a handful of seconds spent savouring the feeling of his cock¡¯s veins pulsing and wriggling against the grasp of her esophagus, she took to sucking. Driving her skull back upwards, she dragged the perversely-spread span of her lips back up along the rugged exterior of Yuuta¡¯s cock. Midway up the length of his glans, she reoriented the direction of his gaze from the boy¡¯s stomach up to a stare at his face.

 

The grin she seen dominating his features earlier was nowhere to be seen. Instead, she noted that his mouth was open, and that the corners of his mouth were upturned in a shape that resembled some form of smile.

 

To her, the sight served as an unnecessary addition of fuel to the lustful fire burning within her uterus. In search of more, she drove her skull back downwards. Freed from the apprehension of her first attempt, she leveraged her non-existent gag-reflex to see each of the saliva-smeared inches she had drawn from out of her throat squeezed straight back down into the tube¡¯s stifling embrace. The arrival of her skull at the depth she had intended was followed by another brisk ascent of her lips across Yuuta¡¯s member, then another punishing depression, and so on and so forth in sequence.

 

In no time at all, Mercy became all too comfortable with Yuuta¡¯s cock spreading her lips and bloating her neck. Though far from a natural where throat-fucking herself was concerned, the cyclical ascent and descent of her lips was without any of the obscene gagging and slop-regurgitation often induced by the act.

 

In place of these, succinct (and audibly gooey) *GLRPS?* echoed out from Mercy¡¯s neck in time with each depression of her skull, and the throatslop churned to fruition within her esophagus was discharged from her face with the utmost efficiency. Working whilst a single strand of clear mucus trickled down from her left nostril, each upward drag of her lips saw a number of dense slop strands dragged from the beginning of her ascent through to a messy draping of the inches covered on the way to Yuuta¡¯s glans. Upon arrival at her stopping point near the midsection of his glans, the mixed sludge of precum and mucus responsible for the strands was collectively spewed from her lips in a single muted burst. Before the contents of these bursts could be allowed to make more of a mess across Yuuta¡¯s cock, another plunge of Mercy¡¯s stuffed her discharges¡ªand all of the sludge-caked cockmeat concerned with them¡ªstraight back down her throat.

 

Somehow, the older blonde¡¯s nature had reduced even the goring of her face with a little boy¡¯s cock to an effective process. As her efforts never created enough of a mess for her to reconsider them, all of her energy remained focused on repeating the rise and fall of her skull ad infinitum¡­

 

Or at least until Yuuta swelled her stomach with cum.

 

So overwhelming was her efficiency that Yuuta began to regret his choice to redirect proceedings towards the use of Mercy¡¯s mouth seconds into her full-on throating effort. Whereas his frame was that of an unparalleled breeding stud, his mind remained that of a 7 year old child completely new to sexual stimulation. A stroking from Mercy¡¯s palm was in no way comparable to the repeated depression of his cock into the humid constriction wielded by her esophagus. Both were pleasurable, but one of these was far closer to genuine sexual intercourse than the other¡ªenough so that his body had a great deal of difficulty telling the events apart from one another.

 

His was a body designed to spew the massive loads of semen that it produced into warm and wet holes. Which holes to prioritize was not yet something he understood how to do.


 

Faced with an impossible situation, Yuuta began to pant. More concerned with his impending orgasm than with the actual condition of his perspiring frame, he otherwise remained silent throughout Mercy¡¯s throating effort.

 

Whilst he deliberated, Mercy spurred herself onward.

 

¡°I can feel it¡­?¡± she mewled internally. ¡°All of the wriggling that the veins on his cock are doing, all the precum that he¡¯s squirting¡ªYuyu is going to shoot his semen into my stomach any minute now~!¡±

 

¡°Go ahead and spew it aaaaallll out, Yuyu! Mommy¡¯s right here to make sure that ever drop you put out ends up right inside her stomach~!¡±

 

Believing herself to be nearer than ever to a breakthrough, Mercy pushed her gut-fucking into the same realm of obscene consistency that had consumed her attempt at rimming. Suddenly, the inches of cockmeat smothered by her lips¡¯ suction throughout her bobbing was narrowed to a three inch span above her stopping point near the middle of Yuuta¡¯s cock. Content to keep her neck near-constantly engorged with his rigid organ, she nevertheless maintained the speed and sloppiness previously seen in her throating ministrations.

 

Yet again, the dedication she displayed forced Yuuta¡¯s hand. Denied the freedom to think, several seconds of sucking from Mercy rendered him of the opinion that the game he come up with needed to end.

 

To this end, he drew air into his lungs.

 

¡°B-Beeep!¡± mimicking the blare of an electronic signal, Yuuta produced and held a mild tone in hopes of catching his mother¡¯s attention. Thankfully, the contrast between this exclamation and the pants that had preceded it was sharp enough for Mercy to catch it, and afterwards halt the stuffing of her throat to direct a drowsy expression back up toward his face.

 

¡°That¡¯s it! We don¡¯t have any time left for external treatment, Dr.Mommy!¡± Yuuta continued. ¡°You¡¯ve done everything you could, but surgery is our only option now. The other doctors warned me that you might not be able to solve this problem without it, but I think everything should be fine if you can manage it!¡±

 

Sitting upright without teasing signs of fatigue or exertion, Yuuta pointed behind the larger woman¡¯s frame towards his mattress.

 

¡°I have to participate in this too, apparently.¡± he explained. ¡°You¡¯re a little too big an¡¯ squishy for me to try and move right now, so could you please lay back on that part of the bed over there?¡±

 

Still very much with Yuuta¡¯s cock on her brain, Mercy dragged her heels in comprehending the boy¡¯s request and the make-believe reasoning surrounding it. Doctors and surgeons were not mutually exclusive terms, but it seemed odd to her that surgery was to be a part of Yuuta¡¯s treatment plan. Not so odd as to prompt her to question the need for it, but enough so to distract her from the only real meaning that the term ¡®surgery¡¯ could have in this case.

 

Reluctantly drawing her slop smeared lips up through to a gooey *plop!* from the nose of Yuuta¡¯s cock, Mercy wondered about what this fraction of the game might pertain to right up until she set her back down into contact with the mattress space behind her.

 

Yuuta¡¯s illness was internal clogging, the remedy for which was sexual release. As no combination of her hands or mouth had proved stimulating enough to bring about a clearing of his internal piping, ¡®surgical removal¡¯ could only refer to one thing.

 

The use of her insides.

 

Instantaneously, Mercy¡¯s features brightened. Suddenly faced with the prospect of her most recent (and ardent) dream becoming a reality, the massive woman produced an inviting smile, and hiked both of her legs up into a spread and suspended ¡®hang¡¯ to either side of her torso. Both bent at the knee and slanted away from the reddened mound of flesh between her legs, the arrangement of the limbs relative to her frame fashioned a heavily flesh-laden ¡®W¡¯ shape from out of her lower body.

 

This done, she spoke.

 

¡°Now ready for surgery, Mr.Patient!¡± she replied confidently. ¡°This procedure shouldn¡¯t take very long given the treatment you¡¯ve already undergone, but we still won¡¯t be taking any risks. How long it takes for all of that nasty back-up built up inside you to be worked out of you doesn¡¯t matter, ok? As your doctor, I just want you to focus on getting well!¡±

 

¡°We can begin whenever you¡¯re ready, so don¡¯t hold anything back. This is the kind of surgery that needs us both to work hard, after all ?.¡±

 

Yuuta, though unsurprised by his mother¡¯s compliance, still found himself somewhat awed by the invitation that she handed out to him. Yet again, Mercy had taken one of his requests a step further than mere completion. She had read into his intention, and had acted according to the information that she found.

 

Even if he had wanted to, ignoring her back-spread frame and the succulent excess that it offered would have been impossible for him. Nearly on the verge of orgasm himself, the youth pushed himself forward across his mattress to set himself into an adorable loom over Mercy¡¯s frame.

 

Rather than waste his time with further pleasantries, he acted. Unfolding his legs and standing upright, he stepped forward to plant both of his feet just above the top-half of Mercy¡¯s thighs. Following their placement, he descended into a suggestive squat that dropped his testicles into contact with her lower lips. Here, he exchanged the planting of his soles into the mattress space to Mercy¡¯s right and left with another compression of his kneecaps into the same region. In doing so, the underside of his thighs and the beginnings of his calves were folded around the inner surface of Mercy¡¯s thighs as a pair of braces. Such was the size difference between his frame and his mother¡¯s that the imposition of its weight against her position did not at all influence her ability to hold it.

 

Having expected as much, Yuuta pushed his crotch outwards. Sliding his lower body backwards alongside his crotch, he worked to position the mallet-dense tip of his member out to a tantalizing hang directly opposite Mercy¡¯s cuntlips.

 

Success in this endeavor dictated that he make the most of it. Led along by a script long-since embedded into his being, the completion of Yuuta¡¯s arcing saw him plunge his crotch inwards through a heavy, well-lubricated punch of his erection through Mercy¡¯s lower lips, and down into the crushing tightness of her cunt.

 

He did not pause to enjoy the gaping of her lower lips, either. Once inside, he began thrusting¡ªbreeding his mother as he had always hoped to.

 

Like an animal.

 

-

 

CHILDISH ENTHUSIASM

 

In his time playing ¡®Doctor¡¯ with his mother, Yuuta had come to understand the difference between imagining an event and actually experiencing it. This difference was striking, significant, and liable to subject an unaware individual to thoughts and stimulation unlike anything that they had experienced prior.

 

After feeling his mother¡¯s hands, lips, and mouth work over his erection and bloat its base with an uncomfortable payload of semen, Yuuta vowed to never again mistake the limits of his imagination as those that governed reality. Twice had he come within a stroke or slurp of orgasm, and twice had he foolishly placed himself into circumstances beyond his control.

 

This was not to say that his opinion of ¡®imagination¡¯ had been sullied, however. If anything, it had been enhanced; learning that his mind was capable of coming up with something so wildly incomparable to reality was of great interest to him. Nevertheless, he reasoned that guiding whatever action he took in the future with experience as opposed to postulation would be to his benefit.

 

This decision and all of the reasoning behind it failed to dissuade the boy from mounting his mother as a bull might a sow, and driving every inch of his bloated endowment into the pliant embrace of her womanhood. As well, it failed to measure the feral hip-thrusting that he took to after hilting himself, and failed to hold his mind back from focusing in on inseminating every ovum presently stored within his mother¡¯s reproductive organs.

 

Childish inexperience was unrelated to the boy¡¯s plight. If made to choose between thinking and drilling his endowment in and out of a fertile cunt until it burst, his was a body that was destined to choose the latter. As such, Mercy¡¯s presenting herself as she had prompted him to forget the aim of his game (sexual pleasure as opposed to her impregnation), and set him onto  the path of a breeding bull.

 

Within seconds, both the speed and invasive capacity of the thrusts that he delivered into Mercy¡¯s leaking folds exceeded the capacity of even the fittest human male. One after another, curled outward swings of his crotch tore several inches of his member from out of Mercy¡¯s depths. Harried all the way through by her cunt-lining¡¯s pressurized suckle to his endowment¡¯s bulk, the end of these retractions freed just over half of his member from her hole¡¯s pink embrace.

 

If not for the force generated by Yuuta¡¯s hips and the ludicrous scope of his member, it was likely that her folds¡¯ hold on his length would have resulted in a slight prolapsing of her womanhood each time his hips swung backwards. Fortunately (or unfortunately), Yuuta¡¯s thrusts were far too cutting for such a consequence to come about. After the miniature flourish of cunt-syrup induced by a given extraction, Mercy¡¯s innards were swiftly satiated by a gutting punch of these inches back from whence they came.

 

To begin with, Yuuta penetrating his mother as he had subjugated her cervix, and offered up the confines of her uterus as added inches of slick cuntmeat to be abused by his member. The very first trip taken by his member through her depths saw his glans buried through a congealed tube of slimy flesh, then through a suffocating squeeze past the bloated baby-button¡¯s center and into Mercy¡¯s womb. Though the length and girth of his cock were sized with such an end in mind, the wringing bite of her womb¡¯s protective seal into his glans¡ª and later down across several vein-riddled inches of his shaft¡ªensured that the experience was a memorable one for the youth.

 

Never would he forget the stimulation wrought from his mother¡¯s womanhood quivering and clamoring around his member. The euphoria induced by his member¡¯s compression against the ceiling of her uterus was burned into his brain as soon as it occurred,  and the compact gloving imposed by the meat of her vaginal canal against the trunk of his erection was ¡®appreciated¡¯ by the scant few fractions of his mind capable of even recognizing the happening.

 

One balls-deep hilt into his mother¡¯s altered womanhood was enough to addict Yuuta to the act. Delivered behind his first thrust was another that carried even more force, and another slightly slower iteration behind it. Before his mind could properly map out all of the stimulation offered by her folds, his hips and crotch had set his cock into an endless chain of vigorous plunging and splatter-inducing retraction into and out from Mercy¡¯s folds.

 

Strenuous as the boy¡¯s efforts seemed, he remained in his element from the beginning of this thrusting pattern onward. Teeth grit into an excited grin (one hidden by the smothering of his facial features by Mercy¡¯s milk-scented breasts) and frame content with mild perspiration, very few signs of exertion could be taken away from his miniature frame as it worked.

 

The passage of time changed little in this regard. As seconds turned to minutes, the locking of his legs overtop Mercy¡¯s thighs grew tighter (a transition that served to deepen the impact of his thrusts), and the ¡®hug¡¯ imposed by his arms around a paltry span of her breasts became even more fervent.

Visually, Yuuta appeared unstoppable. He had not yet lost the ability to think, but to a third person (or any individual without the ability to read into the boy¡¯s thoughts), Mercy¡¯s impregnation seemed to be the only thing capable of bringing his thrusting onslaught to an end.

 

To a point, Mercy herself was of this opinion¡­or rather, her libido was. Though she had prepared herself to finally take Yuuta¡¯s cock inside her cunt, what she experienced when finally his member began on its hole-spreading trip through her insides obliterated the structured stability she had intended for her consciousness.

 

It was simply too satisfying. Months of unfulfilled lust felt towards her son and the brutish endowment that her drugs had gifted him had finally culminated in something tangible¡ªsomething so real that her body was forced to respond with the discharge of a phallus-bisected geyser of female lubricant out against Yuuta¡¯s crotch. Feeling her cervix stretched around inch after inch of her son¡¯s bestial erection knocked the wind from her lungs. However, the moment he completed his thrust and settled his towering mast into a visible distension of her uterus (and abdominals by proxy), all of the oxygen that she had lost was reflexively drawn back into her lungs.

 

Then and there, she required oxygen for speech more so than anything else.

 

¡°Y-YESSS, Y-YOU¡¯RE S-SO DFEEP YUYU, Y-YOU¡¯RE F-FINALLY S-SPREADIN¡¯ MOMMY¡¯S SL-SLIMY CUNT WITH YOUR COCKKKK!¡± she howled. ¡° S-STIR ME UP A-AS MUCH A-AS YOU WANT. E-EVERY I-INCH OF MOMMY¡¯S WHORISH C-CUNT IS JUST FOR YOU~! C-CHURN IT UP U-UNTIL THE ONLY C-COCK I CAN FEEL IS YOURS ??!¡±

 

As these words left her lips, Mercy felt herself overcome with a fulfillment on par with what she had felt throughout her time mothering Yuuta. It was neither better nor worse than the long-standing bliss of motherhood, but relative to it, it was more vivid.

 

In the moment, it was also more relevant; motherly satisfaction would do her no good where playing the part of her son¡¯s cock juice container was concerned.

 

Following the verbalization of her bliss, Mercy focused in on this fulfillment. Raising her hands up from her sides, she slid them across the width of Yuuta¡¯s upper back to swathe his frame within a supportive embrace. Once formed, she applied the slightest amount of downward pressure against his body to better sandwich his front across her own (and occasionally the grotesque bulge of cockmeat often mounted at her gut).

 

Not long after this gesture came the solidification of Yuuta¡¯s thrusting pattern, and alongside it, the animalistic cunt-churning that she had suggested that he inflict. Without a moment¡¯s notice, the sensations responsible for her change in perspective (these being the forced spread of her cunt around Yuuta¡¯s cock, the penetration of her cervix, and the depression of his leaking glans against the back wall of her uterus) took up permanent residence within her cunt.

 

As if such a circumstance was not mind-numbing enough, these sensations were soon joined by others produced by Yuuta¡¯s aggressive excavation of her folds. So often was his cock hilted within her depths that the bloating and squirming of the blood vessels mounted to its exterior were impressed into the flesh of her inner walls with regularity. Similarly, the frequency with which her cervix was made to choke down close to a foot of cockmeat began to propagate miniature orgasms through her cunt each time she was penetrated.  Heated and voluminous, these bursts of cunt syrup erupted from her spread lower lips in time with each bludgeoning her uterus received, and subsided throughout the subsequent ¡®outward portion¡¯ of his thrusts.

 

Strictly speaking, stimulation of this severity should have robbed Mercy of even more of her cognitive faculties. Despite this, she perceived the stimulation that she was provided as more blissful than it was strenuous.

 

The reason for this was simple: in the same way that Yuuta¡¯s body was built to provide brutal sexual pleasure, her body had become suited to accept it. Supported further by her desire to properly savor her (current) position as her son¡¯s cocksleeve, the stimulation fucked through her sex up to her brainstem remained well within her body¡¯s capacity to withstand.

 

This did not stop Mercy from enjoying herself. No sooner was the new standard for her cunt-plumping set did she tilt her head backwards, and part her lips in the release of a delirious giggle.

 

¡°Mh-hm-hm¡­Y-Yuyu¡¯sh f-fhuckin¡¯ me¡­¡± she huffed, gaze focused in an aimless stare towards the other side of the room. ¡°H-His¡¯sh c-cock is turning m-me into a-a bitch. I-It¡¯s gonna d-dump so much squirmy s-semen into m-my womb, too¡­¡± she cooed.

 

¡°P-Playin¡¯ Dr.Mommy is¡¯h th¡¯ b-best ?¡­¡±

 

Though harmless in content, the slurred words that Mercy uttered proved detrimental for the perpetuation of her euphoria. As soon as her final sentence completed its slither through Yuuta¡¯s ears, the seemingly ceaseless plunging of his cock came to an end. Acting without reservation, Yuuta completed a single additional hilt through Mercy¡¯s cunt before releasing the hug he had placed around her breasts, and flinging himself backwards. Inch by inch, he worked his slime-caked member entirely out of Mercy¡¯s cunt¡ªan act that progressively revealed the orifice as a wide, sex-swollen crater of loosened cuntmeat¡ªand finally popped his face out from its suffocating nuzzle against her breasts.

 

Just as her cunt lips¡¯ forced separation from his glans sent a sullen *SPLORTCH* noise out echoing out into the bedroom, Yuuta rose to his feet. Dominant hand clasped to the tip of his member, the sweaty youth cleared a drenched clump of hair from off of his face as though he had not been moments away from a release.

 

With this, he began to stroke himself.

 

¡°Surgery complete! The patient¡¯s piping is all fixed, Dr.Mommy!¡± Yuuta proclaimed.

 

¡°Time to let it all out! You can handle the drainage too, can¡¯t you?¡±

 

To this, Mercy said nothing. Really, there wasn¡¯t anything that she could say.

 

By way of effort alone, Yuuta had actually managed to fuck her brain into state of non-function.

 

-

 

SUCCESS

 

Given the choice between impregnating his mother and winning at a game he established, a sane Yuuta would always choose the latter over the former.


Nearly all of the time that the boy had spent plugging Mercy¡¯s cunt full of his cock was time spent in insanity. During this period, his instincts had taken hold of him, and had demanded that he churn and gore the pulsing orifice surrounding his member until the load of semen welled into his crotch burst from its tip.

 

These instincts, though powerful, paled in comparison to the positive effect that Yuuta wrought from controlling his mother. The slight difference in their affective potential was what allowed the boy to draw his thrusts to a halt, and later served as the primary motivation for the stroking of his member.

 

Some seconds after the beginning of his drive, the arrival of his orgasm drove the gap between these two forces even wider. Suddenly beset by the sensation of backed up semen surging through (and swelling) his urethra, Yuuta understood the warm bliss that overtook him not as a logical consequence of the sexual pleasure he had endured, but as a by-product of his mother¡¯s effort and his dedication to the game that he had set up.

 

In short, the thread of discolored semen that shot from the nose of his member straight into contact with Mercy¡¯s face was as sexually pleasurable for him as it was genuinely enjoyable. His desire to impregnate the woman beneath him had not yet faded, but in the moment, its severity was matched by the ¡®fun¡¯ concerned with caking his mother¡¯s face with semen.

 

Sexual euphoria aside, this enjoyment was entirely warranted. The first strand of yellow-white reproductive-lard that reached Mercy¡¯s visage was draped from her jaw up through a crooked, forehead-length arc across the right side of her face. Packed to the brim with overfed sperm cells and an excess of their nutrients, the substance adhered to her smooth flesh with ease, and sat completely motionless in the seconds following its delivery.

 

Throughout these seconds, a dozen similarly dense expulsions of seed added to the mess initiated atop Mercy¡¯s facial features. Unlike the first, these were delivered haphazardly between the left and center left of her face. As every rope of jizz that he released remained comparable to the first, the stretches of surface area that they covered inevitably crossed paths with one another.  After the delivery of several relatively straight strands up the length of Mercy¡¯s face, many of which curled across her still-open eyes¡ªsections of several others strands were splattered out overtop them at a variety of angles.

 

Ever the imaginative youth, Yuuta did not fixate on utterly caking his mother¡¯s inviting features with his semen. After spewing out enough of the rancid substance to glue her left-eye shut underneath a curdled blanket of jizz whilst mounting a second sheet of sludgy coverage across the length of her cheek, he bent the remainder of his orgasm down at Mercy¡¯s midsection.

 

Taking advantage of the steady decrease in the force with which his jizz strands were pushed from his cock, he held his erection still to allow the remainder of his seed to collectively pool (as much as possible) atop the stretch of abdominal flesh directly above her uterus. One after another, bulbous slugs of clotted semen wriggled from the tip of his cock down into soundless splatters against the fleshy, sweat-glossed surface of her middle. Naturally, the volume packed into each one facilitated the spread of a disjoined semen-pancake across the region before Yuuta¡¯s orgasm was through.

 

By the end of his release, Yuuta had successfully coated a great deal of his mother¡¯s frame with his jizz. The amount of jizz that he actually released was well below what he would¡¯ve produced if allowed to orgasm inside of her body, but as far as he was concerned, this difference in quantity was negligible.

 

His game had been fun, and his mother had played along with it. As a child, it was difficult for him to see past this.

 

Chuckling to himself, Yuuta spoke through his euphoria to applaud his mother¡¯s efforts.

 

¡°Excellent work, Dr.Mommy! Thanks to your expertise, the patient has survived, and will live to be satisfied another day!¡± he exclaimed. ¡°Your efforts have been much appreciated, so you can go ahead and take a nice long break if you really wanna!¡±

 

Were it not for the fact that Mercy had been rendered functionally braindead by her son¡¯s cock, the suggestion that he produced would have been one that she¡¯d have happily taken him up on.

 

However, as she was in fact still braindead, the cum-splattered woman didn¡¯t do anything. Still smiling her sex-drunk smile underneath the semen matted to her face, she remained as she had been from the moment she had stepped into Yuuta¡¯s bedroom:

 

An adult woman with a crippling addiction to her underage son¡¯s cock.

Of the many skills that Mercy had cultivated in her time as an adult, her ability to concentrate on the tasks presented to her was among the few that she actually took pride in.

 

Unlike medical research or surgical prowess, concentration was something that anyone could master given adequate drive and dedication. As well, few other proficiencies could be mastered alongside it. If one wished to become better at concentration, the most straightforward method by which to do so was to practice concentrating.

 

Mercy did practice. In everything that she did, she put a great deal of mental effort into keeping her eyes on the proverbial prize. Even when her life required that she direct her attentions towards something other than what she had chosen¡ªa common happening amongst Overwatch operatives¡ªshe rarely experienced much difficulty in transplanting them. In fact, the more often she was made to switch goals, the more open she became to these events altogether.

 

To others, her abilities seemed uncanny. Operative or no, there was something to be said about a woman who so readily put things down and picked others up.

 

For as long as she could remember, Mercy proudly described her talent as something cultivated¡ªsomething acquired and not to bestowed. However, upon happily 'succumbing' to sexual coupling with her adoptive son, the true source of her ability became clear to her.

 

As it turned out, she was not particularly good at concentrating at all. Right up until the first time Yuuta drove his manhood into her hormone-addled cunt, her life had simply lacked any sort of distraction cumbersome enough to affect her attention.

 

Being subjected to repeated instances of deep, gut-rending, and obscenely perverse sexual intercourse with Yuuta was very distracting. Both during and after the act, her thoughts were drawn into an abyss of desire for which there existed only one escape: unconsciousness.

 

Yuuta's energy and 'affection' typically ensured that she lost consciousness soon after any one of his requests for satiation. During every second of every hour of every day outside of these instances, she was on her own. Dogged by shameful thoughts of sweaty sex with her son and nagged by the internal 'itch' sewn into her womb by the compounds that changed her frame, it was not until after Yuuta dumped his first load of semen into her womb that the concentration she had once prided herself in escaped her.

 

 

This was not to say that her functionality became entirely slipshod, however. Angela Ziegler knew nothing of detrimental inefficiency, and no matter how sex-addled she became, the core of her being refused to allow her to learn. Even as the amount of single-minded dedication she invested into her daily activities decreased, her ability to actually complete these activities went unchanged.

 

 Displaying such efficiency under constant duress required that Mercy pay a toll. Her ¡®paying¡¯ at all was more of an imagined contrivance meant to preserve the image of motherhood she had constructed for herself, but it remained apparent that something was taken from her each and every time she attempted to apply herself to something that was not directly related to helping Yuuta work copious amounts of semen out of his balls.

 

The most common of these ¡®unrelated¡¯ activities was cooking. As had been the case long before her physical transformation, she derived a great deal of validation from experimenting with different meal choices for her son. Keeping him healthy had become more important than ever, but this in itself did not strike her as an excuse to become lazy. Within her heart of hearts, she viewed it as an opportunity to become more creative¡ªto widen her son¡¯s palate as far as possible and ingrain ¡®healthy¡¯ choices into him before he became old enough to decide on his diet himself.

 

It was by virtue of this viewpoint alone that Mercy had rooted herself in front of her kitchen stove for the preparation of yet another nutritious, extra special Wednesday morning breakfast for Yuuta. Mildly fatigued from another night (and early morning) spent playing the part of Yuuta¡¯s cocksleeve¡ªa role pinned to her chest weeks prior¡ªthe crack of dawn nevertheless magnetized her out of bed and into the kitchen.

Shower or no shower, wobbly knees or sturdy, semen-clogged intestines or no¡ªroutine was routine. Especially if her reward for keeping to it was a smiling Yuuta.

 

Denying herself the opportunity to remain by his side until his next attempt at impregnating her, she instead slipped silently from his side, wobbled into the kitchen, and collected ingredients required for an extravagant twist on one of Yuuta¡¯s favourite pancake breakfasts. Substituting cream-spread for fresh fruit and mixing in raisins and nuts alongside the chocolate chips added to the batter, she quietly infused the meal¡¯s basics with choices that she believed to be healthier for him.

 

All of this Mercy did whilst a dishevelled and painfully aroused husk of her usual self. Dressed in a sweat-drenched, oversized white t-shirt and the once-taut night shorts purchased as a modest and breathable addition to her summer-sleep wear, her appearance within the kitchen for once matched that of a happily over-worked mother.

 

 As a consequence of the ¡®pressure¡¯ exerted on its fabric from both sides of Mercy¡¯s lower body, the leg-holes of her shorts were shortened and inwardly contracted to match the thigh-accentuating bite of a pair of short-shorts. The porcelain fat healthily mounted to her buttocks was much too excessive to be obscured by such a garment. Consequentially, its appearance from behind Mercy¡¯s frame more closely mirrored a pair of flexible, greyish-white panties surrounded on either side by pale and perky beach balls of assflesh.

 

The shirt that Mercy had chosen was selected specifically to counteract the presentation of her lower half. The scope of her ass and the curvature of her midsection and hips could still be seen plainly from underneath the thigh-length shirt, but so far as she was concerned, she was covered.

 

As she worked by the oven, two separate trails of the dense sexual lubricant produced by her folds could be found traveling in a slow and steady stream across the span of her inner thighs.

 

Mercy's standing posture and visage suggested a degree of acclimation or indifference towards the fluid leaking from her womanhood. In truth, though, these gooey streams and the sex-swelled mound of cuntmeat from which they flowed were the only things that Mercy could think about whilst cooking.

 

She 'needed' to be fucked. Cooking for Yuuta was what she wanted, but what she needed was her child's oversized cock inside of her yet-unseeded womb.

 

Despite the clear divide between the aims of her mind and body, motherhood supposedly remained Mercy's primary 'function' at the stove, and would remain as such until Yuuta demanded otherwise.

 

 Unsurprisingly, Mercy did not truly believe as much.

 

 "I'm really not doing so well at the moment, am I?" she thought to herself, eyes drowsily centred on a skillet loaded with golden pancakes. ¡°I can't have been standing here for more than half an hour, but I already feel awful. Am I really so dependent on him that I can't spend an hour by myself trying to do something nice for him?"

 

 This thought prompted Mercy to shake her head. Cooking was only one of numerous activities that had become difficult for her after learning exactly how good it felt to be used by the child that she loved. Her interest in the activity (cooking) and the wholesomeness of her intent were irrelevant; if she wasn¡¯t close to Yuuta, her body was assured to be unhappy.

 

 "...No, that's not it. Everything is like this now." smiling wryly to herself, she guided the spatula gripped by her left hand through a seamless flip of each of the pancakes below her. "Yuuta's right there in the living room; he's not very far away at all. Like usual, I'd just rather be where he is than anywhere else..."

 

 Unlike the Mercy of months prior, brazenly reciting the truth to herself did not move the blonde into a stint of self-loathing. Now well aware of the nature of her affections and their abject perversion, 'sorting out' the cause for her niggling arousal actually brought a smile to her face.

 

 "I guess it's not the worst thing in the world, though." releasing a derisive giggle, some of the sleepiness pasted to Mercy's features was erased by a sudden injection of warmth. "As long as I do my best not to spoil him with it, what I'm giving him doesn't really matter much, does it? Of course I can't tell Yuyu that, but none of this would have happened if he didn't actually need it."

 

¡°Maybe I can¡¯t balance out what he actually wants, but maybe I can¡ª??!?¡±

 

Amidst her ruminations, Mercy felt herself touched. Suddenly beset by the sensation of a pair of palms sinking up into the fat and flesh set where her buttocks ended and her thighs began, the cutely-astonished yelp that she produced was swiftly followed by a far more severe set of reactions. While her features regained the remainder of their missing color and her spine returned to its usual straightness, the feeling of these warm, slender hands pressing into the all-too-sensitive crease swiftly saw her legs inverted towards one another.

 

Once rendered pidgeon-toed, the orifice between her thighs erupted. Via well-placed physical contact alone, a sound orgasm rippled from the core of her womb straight down through to her outer lips.

 

Accompanying it every step of the way was a viscous geyser of fresh cunt-syrup only slightly stifled by the short-shorts plastered to her cunt¡¯s exterior.  In spite of its presence, both the front face of the oven ahead of her and the tiled flooring behind her received a generous dousing with the clear slime that so-often bled from her inner walls.

 

Finally accustomed to ¡®surprises¡¯ such as this, Mercy deftly sidestepped the physiological stupor that sometimes accompanied her releases. A handful of seconds biting into the corner of her lower lip in absolute bliss was all the catharsis that she required before turning to address the tiny individual responsible for her release.

 

¡°H-Hey there, Y-Yuyu¡­¡± voice mildly strained by the stresses of a standing orgasm, Mercy still managed to address her son without a hint of animosity.

 

There was a reason that he had smothered his hands against such sensitive creases of flesh¡ªshe simply didn¡¯t know it yet.

 

¡°I suppose you must b-be really excited for breakfast t-today, huh? I-Is that why you decided to come and give Mommy such a¡­ah¡­ ¡®special¡¯ hug?¡± she asked.

 

Every bit of Mercy save her conscious mind knew for certain that Yuuta¡¯s ¡®hug¡¯ was anything but a hug. Past this, these parts of her understood that the intent behind his hug was sexual. Her sensitiveness to particular types of physical contact had only become worse since her transition and Yuuta was to blame for it.



Despite everything that she had endured, she could not bring herself to frame her son¡¯s actions negatively. If perverse and orgasm-inducing, his actions could never be bad¡ªonly mildly mischievous.

 

The permissive attachment that she clung to with regard to her son¡¯s behavior was not without some merit¡­

 

Even now.

 

As children were sometimes wont to, Yuuta had become bored with his usual set of morning time cartoons. Their content was as new and enthralling as a child could ask for, but for him, something of even greater interest laid in wait for him within the kitchen.

 

Initially, he had opted to wait for it to come to him. His first thought after waking up to a bed that did not contain his mother was far more impulsive and sexual, but after finding her within the kitchen, his drowsy mind made a compromise with his unwashed and freshly-loaded erection.  His desire for her could be satiated alongside his hunger, so stepping in on his mother whilst on the job did not strike him as necessary. She was unlikely to complain in either case, but being patient was sometimes a virtue.

 


After a half hour of television content, Yuuta regained enough consciousness to recall that there was virtually nothing that his loving parent would do for him¡­provided he approached it correctly.

 

 

As such, he selected an approach and applied it. Sneaking into the kitchen whilst Mercy worked, he opted to satiate his desire for Mercy¡¯s body with his hands to avoid drawing too much ire from her.

 

This selection paid dividends. With a tilt of his head and an endearing smile, Yuuta managed to rebuff his mother's concern with the same kind of affable, childish indifference that he presented during the most obscene of their interactions.

 

"Nope! I knew you'd be finished sooner or later--I just wanted to try and do something for you before you did!" Yuuta chirped. "I sometimes forget that certain stuff is a lot tougher for you now that you're all big, so before we eat, I'm gonna try to make it up to you, okay?"

 

At this, astonishment popped across Mercy's rosy features.

 

"O-Oh, how sweet..." she exhaled, tone betwixt between appreciation and exasperation. ¡°What did you have in mind, Yuyu? You know I don't like it when you exert yourself too much, so if it's something like¡ª

 

"It's a massage!¡± interjecting smoothly, Yuuta paused for just a moment to allow his mother to catch up with the conversation. ¡°I saw on the internet that standing up and doin' stuff for a bunch of hours can be really painful and that massages help with ¡®em!"

 

¡°I dunno if I¡¯ll be any good at giving them, but it never hurts to try, right? You always do your best to do stuff for me, after all!¡±

 

As soon as Yuuta finished with his explanation, Mercy's mind processed its contents, and then reworded his claim to better reflect what she believed the boy's actual intention to be.

 

"Which means that what he actually wants to do is get off before breakfast is even finished. I don't know how touching me like this has anything to do with pleasure for him, but it wouldn't be the first time that something he enjoyed ended up surprising me." Mercy thought to herself.

 

"That's healthy....I think. He's usually much more active in the morning, so sitting around for a change probably just made him feel restless..."

 

 

"Which means that helping him out is okay. Totally forgivable and 100% ok."

 

Through with the first of her numerous daily waffling sessions, Mercy nodded, more so to herself than her son.

 

¡°¡­Sure, sweetie. I¡¯d love a massage.¡± speaking earnestly, Mercy provided her son with the only thing that he actually needed from her. ¡°It¡¯s okay if you don¡¯t know how to do it just...maybe don¡¯t press so hard if you can¡¯t do it?¡±

 

 

Given the go-ahead, Yuuta went right to work following the directions mapped out by his instincts. Utterly remorseless in his approach, he dug the face of his palms even deeper into the tender pockets of flesh they had consumed. Deaf to the prolonged squeak that his touch wrenched from Mercy¡¯s throat and indifferent to the trembling hip wiggle that came afterwards, he subsequently pushed both limbs downwards across the underside of her thighs whilst keeping the placement of his hands angled to the limb-section¡¯s outer fringes as he went.

 

Expectedly, the motions that he produced were far too deft to belong to a normal child. Successfully maintaining the tissue-deep pressure he had mustered from the peak of her thigh right down to the taut crease between Mercy¡¯s thigh and calf, his touch seemed to be that of an expert.

 

An expert with regard to the countless pleasure points generated within Mercy¡¯s body by drugs, but an expert no less.

 

Upon reaching the end of Mercy¡¯s thighs, Yuuta¡¯s hands smoothly trailed back up the way they had come. Squishing tissue knotted by stress or otherwise vulnerable to stimulation, he hurriedly replaced the face of his palms at their buttock¡¯s smothered ¡®cupping¡¯ against the ends to Mercy¡¯s thighs.

 

It was at this point that the boy gave up entirely. Having bucked up against the limits of his boyish subterfuge, he abruptly pressed his palms several inches upward into a satisfying squish into the jiggling meat that comprised Mercy¡¯s buttocks. Throughout, he pushed the placement of his palms outwards such that their spans were submerged into the pale meat that her curtailed shorts failed to cover. Grasp no less taut for the transition, he imposed himself until his efforts threatened to see his hands swallowed by the massive, doughy bubbles right up to his wrist.

 

Here, his massage began anew. First spreading his fingers apart from one another in mimicry of a shining sun, he next encapsulated as much of the heated marble stacked to Mercy¡¯s rear as possible and began rotating his wrists.

 

¡°Yup, this¡¯ll do! She was a little on the pouty side last night, but there¡¯s no better cure for that than a present!¡± he thought to himself. ¡°I probably should¡¯ve just kept her in bed to begin with, but this isn¡¯t too bad either: Mommy¡¯s tummy gets filled and I get to play around with her butt!¡±

 

However juvenile in his thinking, Yuuta was enjoying himself very ¡®maturely¡¯. Since planting his palms into Mercy¡¯s rear, the coiled flesh-pipe at his crotch had taken several long, healthy strides towards its blood-engorged peak.

 

As if mentally tied to the bloated erection, Mercy appeared to be enjoying her son¡¯s efforts as well.

 

Visually speaking, every second that Yuuta kept his hands swirling and squeezing around the flesh of her ass was a second that she spent in utter bliss. Hips wiggling and uncorked cunt leaking continually, the short-lived kneading of her thighs fed a numbing warmth from the spots she had been touched right into her womb.

Yet again, Yuuta had made a mile of the ¡®inch¡¯ that she had given him.

 

Or perhaps she had given him a mile to begin with? In either case, the orgasmic stimulation rippling through her core demanded verbal address.

 

¡°A-Ahh, Y-Yuyu, s-sweetie.¡± Mercy began, front still facing the stove top ahead of her. ¡°R-Remember what I s-said abo---F-FUCK Y-YES?!¡ªum, b-being g-gentle~?¡±

 

Yuuta had heard Mercy's voice. He couldn't be bothered to abide by her requests, but each one that she placed remained as evident to him as the last.

 

Apparently, Mercy was not yet at a point where she could silently allow him to have his way. If by word of mouth only, she continued to present herself as the same woman who had taken considerable issue with sharing too long a kiss with him.

 

This knowledge made Yuuta smile. The current version of his mother was by far the best (in his opinion), but the persistence of her motherly qualities in spite of the perversion of her frame ensured that the superiority of this 'version' remained no less endearing than the petite, over-protective blonde that had nursed him through his time as a hospital in-patient.

 

Based on this, Yuuta decided to bring the kneading of his palms to an abrupt halt. Maintaining the squish of his palms into Mercy's rear, he turned his gaze up towards the older woman to bare his teeth in a youthful smile.

 

"Ahaha! I guess you're more sensitive than you thought, Mommy." he teased. "I'll try to be gentler, but I really don't think I'm doing it that hard, either. Maybe it's that the muscles inside your butt are really stiff and tired?"

 

Were it a professional massage therapist she was speaking to, Mercy would have confirmed Yuuta's suspicions with a vehement nod. To begin with, it was Yuuta's spirited battering of her holes and her own depraved hunger for his cock that had mashed the meat of her ass into its current state.

 

For several embarrassment-related reasons, stating as much to Yuuta was not an option in Mercy's mind. Instead, a quiet "M-Maybe..." trickled from her lips as preceded and followed by a pair of nervous giggles.

 

Blindingly bright for his meagre years (especially where his mother's feelings were concerned), Yuuta took Mercy's response to mean that his assumption was correct.

 

So as the youth grasped the information, a 'fun and effective' solution for the ailment popped into his brain. Swiftly releasing Mercy's buttocks from their deep tissue massage, he stepped around her frame, and reached up with both of his hands to take hold of Mercy's left wrist. Smoothly surmounting the difference in their heights, he calmly peeled her from her wobbly plant ahead of the oven through a slow and steady stride into to the back half the kitchen.

 

Awaiting them at the end of the trip was a chair. One of four wooden fixtures belonging to the distinctly European dining table set nostalgically purchased by Mercy, the chair sat conveniently drawn from under the circular fixture as if begging to be sat upon.

 

Acting whilst Mercy remained agreeable, Yuuta gently coaxed the woman's massive frame down into a comfortable seated position atop the chair. When certain that the span of her backside could still be contained by the sturdy seat¡¯s width, he used his position ahead of her to begin on a hurried and scramble-y ascent up into her lap. Gripping with his hands and pushing with his feet, his scaling efforts delivered his feet sole-first against span of Mercy¡¯s thighs, and for once, drew his chest level with the sweaty, double-wide pillows hanging from her chest.

 

Now face to face with his mother, he assured her with a nod.

 

¡°If that feels too good, how about we try a different kind of massage?¡±

 

Pretense stated, Yuuta plunged his hands forward into contact with Mercy¡¯s breasts. Tiny limbs immediately rebuffed by the moistened, t-shirt-gloved pillows, a second¡¯s worth of contact was all it took for his fingers to become indistinguishable from the sweat-dampened fabric draped over her mounds.

 

Unsurprisingly, the redirection of Yuuta¡¯s efforts did not make for a more ¡®tolerable¡¯ experience for Mercy.  Soothed and starry-eyed whilst led around by her son, the respite that had numbed her senses disappeared when his hands were placed into contact with her breasts. Soon, his palms were further compressed into the inverted bulk of her nipples, and his fingers set about a vigorous mash and grind about the flesh surrounding them. 

Compared to the maddening bliss that he had palmed into her thighs, the sensations that these motions wrought were better.

 

So much so that Mercy could not help but acknowledge as much herself.

 

 

¡°Ohmigod, w-why is my body like this? W-Why does feeling Yuyu¡¯s hands d-dig into my breasts like this f-feel so amazing?¡± she mewled internally, mouth and throat bruised by the production of pleasured mewls and strained groans. ¡°W-We¡¯ve done so much worse, h-haven¡¯t we? Yuyu¡¯s used my body for so much worse, but just having his cute little hands squeeze my breasts is making me squirt¡­?¡±

 

 

Amidst her internal awe flashed the occasional pang of guilt. Curtailed and inconsequential relative to the stiffening parental pride of her past, what she felt as her milk-laden breasts were worked over was much more akin to a mild form of self-disappointment.

 

 

Despite calling herself Yuuta¡¯s mother and going to such obscene lengths to keep him happy, it was now Yuuta that was finding new and inventive ways to make motherhood especially enjoyable for her.

 

 

As a woman, she couldn¡¯t be happier. As a mother, however, she could not help but feel like a spoiled child spiraling towards incurable degeneracy.

 

 

¡°¡­W-Would concentrating do me any good at this point? I left Yuyu¡¯s breakfast on the stove without even thinking about it, so it¡¯s probably too late for that¡­¡± she thought. ¡°H-He¡¯s supposed to be making my body feel better, but I just can¡¯t stop myself from cumming ?. I¡¯m really not a normal mother any more, am I?¡±

 

 

¡°I-I know! I¡¯ll just try asking Yuyu to be a little gentler again. He should k-know what I mean this time, right?¡±

 

Given ample reason to believe that words alone would not be enough to saw the boy, Mercy turned her gaze down toward Yuuta¡¯s face in preparation for her plea.

 

Doing so proved more detrimental than helpful. Just as soon as her attentions were pushed back in his direction, his were reoriented up towards her own.

 

As it turned out, Yuuta had prepared for this eventuality as well. Before Mercy could verbalize her intended suggestion, he popped up onto his tiptoes, and dipped his skull forward to plant a kiss against her lips.

 

This was no ordinary peck, either. This was an 'adult' kiss; one of the many that he had begun imposing on her without permission since her alteration. Undaunted by the differing spans of their lips, he flattened the thin pillows at his mouth against the endearing squishiness of her lips, and subsequently wormed his tongue out into a quiet invasion of her oral cavity.

 

Rare as it was for Yuuta's sexual behavior to shock his mother¡ªmore so considering how commonplace this behavior had become¡ªhis sudden kiss took the older blonde aback.

 

So far back, in fact, that she began to wonder whether or not she'd ever return to the position of mental 'rightness' she had achieved prior to it.

 

The avid squirming of Yuuta's child-sized tongue against the back of her throat made everything about her experience that much more real. Induced by the invasive sensation was a swelling of her warmed, palm-smothered nipples into a state of creamy leakage, and as a consequence, a 'blooming' of the nipple flesh packed behind her areola out against the cleavage section of her t-shirt.

 

 

This happening availed two of the most sensitive bundles of flesh on her body to the oppressive kneading of Yuuta's wrists. No sooner did the tips of both fattened cylinders push out against his palm did he slide his grasp backwards and effortlessly consume their girth into a taut, full-on squeeze.

 

 

With this, Mercy became unwilling to argue that she was in fact being 'massaged' by her son. Tongue writhing against his own, lips suckling to his face, and leaking nipples blurting milk against his palms through every duct at their disposal, she quickly became of the opinion that it was far more accurate to claim that she was being milked.

 

She did not intend to state as much--not now. Being dominated by Yuuta was of far more importance than correcting his definition of a massage.

 

This could be done another time...

 

Perhaps after his kiss coaxed another guilty orgasm from between her legs.

 

In preparation for this happening, Mercy sat back and allowed his ministrations to escalate unrestricted.

 

Like a child taken up with a new toy, Yuuta¡¯s ¡®milking¡¯ of her nipples became more dexterous with the passage of time. Seconds into his garrotting their lengthy bulk, he depressed the placement of his hands to root point at which nipple flesh bled back into her areola. Here, he held his hands motionless for several seconds to stifle the outflow of milk from each cylinder, thereby swelling them with a trying volume of the sweetly-scented cream.

 

Impressively in tune with his mother¡¯s body, his hands did not ascend from their restrictive positions until the swelling of Mercy¡¯s breasts arrived at the threshold between pleasure and pain. With this, he dug the undersides of his thumbs down against the nipple flesh beneath them and painstakingly spiked his grasps up to the peaks of her nipples. Indifferent to the splatter of milk that gushed through the soaked fabric underneath his hands, he completed the masturbatory stroke with the beginning of another grinding plunge back down to the roots of her nipples.

 

Just tracking the breakneck strokes that the boy produced from beginning to end was enough to send comparatively massive spurts of cunt-juice jetting from out of Mercy¡¯s crotch at regular and prolonged intervals. Their release drew her legs further apart¡ªa biological reflex produced in hopes that the male nearby might decide to impregnate her¡ªand later began to funnel a myriad of needy moans from the back of her throat into Yuuta¡¯s mouth.

 

Guilt or no, minutes of enduring Yuuta¡¯s efforts had shifted Mercy¡¯s opinion on his behaviour.

 

Perhaps this was a massage. Perhaps she had spent her entire life up until this point mistaken as to the kind of relief and pleasure that a real massage could offer?

 

Tragically, Mercy arrived at this revelation far too late. Like any other easily distracted child, the continual refinement of Yuuta¡¯s massage eventually left him as bored with the process altogether. Furthermore, the gesture had been intended as a preparative gift; forcing his mother to cum herself into a state of non-function before the day¡¯s real fun was non-sensical.

 

Thus, Yuuta released her. Unclasping her breasts without a care in the world, he spent several seconds unhooking his tongue from her own before a moist *PAPPH* freed the spittle-smeared lower half of his face from her own.

 

¡°Oh yeah!¡± Yuuta chirped. ¡°The pancakes are getting cold, huh? I wanna eat ¡®em!¡±

 

This time, it was Mercy who was rendered indifferent. Twitching and hiccupping in complete euphoria, her response to Yuuta¡¯s suggestion was an exhausted collapse into the chair frame behind her and a quiet fit of intoxicated, utterly unintelligble moaning.

-

 

ENJOY THE DAY

 

Contrary to the implications of the day¡¯s beginning, Yuuta had not awoken with any specific plans for what his next day at home with Mercy ought to contain. Repeated sexual satiation for himself was a given, but how and when this satiation would be acquired was no longer a subject that required much rumination or planning from him.

 

So long as Mercy remained nearby¡ªand she would¡ªrelease for him was an inevitability. Not once, but as many times as was required for him to actually feel satisfied.

 

The ease of access that the boy had gained from fucking his mother senseless for weeks on end prompted him to do precisely nothing after the delivery of his surprise massage. He instead collected his breakfast on his own, and went out of his way to persist in the kitchen while Mercy caught her breath. In this time, he made no attempts at accelerating the process; the taste of surprise pancakes was enough to make even the tasks of standing, chewing, and waiting seem exciting.

 

Eventually, when Mercy found herself to be in a ¡®standing¡¯ mood, the living room was the destination that he set for the two of them. The weekday morning cartoons that he enjoyed hadn¡¯t been so enjoyable whilst by himself, but with Mercy, a certain amount of satisfaction was guaranteed.

 

 

Mercy did not think twice about joining her son in the consumption of children's cartoons.

 

The ever present 'danger' of sexual intercourse that accompanied her doing so was no longer a danger to her, but a desirable and expected consequence of her adherence to the norm between them. For months, Yuuta had not gone a day without fucking at least one of her holes into a state of semen-greased rawness.

 

Breaking from such a trend hardly seemed necessary. His massage had left her frame in desperate need of one such fucking, and though she did not intend to try and make use of her son's cock by force, breaking away from his side and doing something else would only prolong her wallowing within the state he had imposed.

 

Thus, she sat. Dizzy, heated, and inexplicably content despite the drooling need established between her legs, she took up a position beside her son atop the living room couch and devoted what little of her focus remained applicable to the goings-on of a familiar children's cartoon. All the while, a blissful teeter-tottering of her skull indicative of her struggle to remain conscious threatened to replace her meagre attendance with slumber at a moment's notice.

 

She never quite lost consciousness, however.

 

She was with Yuuta, after all.

 

"I just want to get HIGH, Brock(tm)! Why is that so wrong all of a sudden?" a dark-haired youth exclaimed. "You're the one who got me started on this shit, man! Stop being a bitch and lets go cop some yayo(1), nigga."

 

In response to these words, the tanned male crossed his arms at his chest and shook his head.

 

"Maybe I did, Ash, but that was then. The drugs are fucking up your brain. I knew you were mentally special when we met, but you're just on some different shit everyday now." he replied. "If I'm going to use, and I am going to use, I will. I'm not doing it with you, though¡ªnot until you get clean."

Incredulous, the youth named Ash took a step inward. Imposing his slighter frame towards his larger companion, he tipped his tightened facial features up towards him to ensure that the combativeness of his intent wasn't misconstrued.

__

1. Cocaine

"What the fuck did you just say to me?"

 

"You heard me. Give your badge case, Ash."

 

"You think you can do me like this, bitch? After everything I've done for you?"

 

"I SAID GIVE ME YOUR FUCKING BADGE CASE, ASH! DON'T MAKE ME FUCK YOU UP RIGHT HERE, NIGGA!"

 

Half listening and half not, the show's contents eventually stirred a mild frown across Mercy's sweat-moistened visage.

 

"Goodness, this show sure seems different from how I remember it.¡± she thought to herself. "Maybe I should start paying a little bit more attention to what Yuyu watches during the day. Trying to keep track of his phone is just impossible, but I have to at least try to keep him from watching stuff that's inappropriate..."

 

Coincidentally, Mercy's thoughts about her son drew her gaze down towards him. Apparently enamoured with the show he had chosen, she found within his eyes a reason to doubt the entirely reasonable conclusion she had come to.

 

"M-Maybe I'll just ask him first. He really seems to like it, so I wouldn't want to make him sad." she thought.

 

"But then again..."

 

At a moment's notice, Mercy felt her head become several ounces lighter. In time with this, the descent of an object flashed within the corner of her eye down towards her left shoulder. Eventually squishing into contact with the region and tumbling down the length of her arm, her numbed reflexes dumped her line of sight past her waist to determine what it was had fallen.

 

Before she could invest any effort into the task, the object's descent came to an end. Suddenly squished and stabilized within a hand much too small to contain it, its identity swiftly replaced Mercy¡¯s haziness with a burning embarrassment.

 

¡°Whoa! That was close!¡± Yuuta chirped. ¡°Are you feeling sleepy, Mommy? All of your stuff is falling out!¡±
 

The ¡®stuff¡¯ to which the boy referred was none other than the massively-swollen condom partly-clutched and partly-overflowing within his right palm. One of a scarce few that were not ruptured by the volume of Yuuta¡¯s orgasms the night before, the pale-pink contraceptive sat as a wobbly, softball-sized reminder as to baseline volume of semen that Mercy had to look forward to each time she made Yuuta release.

 

Forgotten by Mercy and Yuuta alike, the bloated balloon had previously bobbed at the root of the up-set blonde pony-tail that Mercy had tied her hair up into. Likely placed to allow for easy disposal* (digestion) by Mercy at a later date, its slippage into Yuuta¡¯s hand immediately reminded Mercy of how many of the items she had secretly consumed.

 

Per usual, this habit was no secret to Yuuta. From the moment he caught the squishy sac to the instant Mercy¡¯s hands snatched it into an impressive compression over the neck of her t-shirt and between her breasts, a knowing grin could be seen mapped to the lower half of his face.

 

Of course, he did not utter a word about the sac whilst holding it. By allowing his mother to stew in her own embarrassment, a much more interesting line of conversation was brought about by Mercy herself.

 

¡°N-N-Nope! Not sleepy at all!¡± Mercy squeaked. ¡°I just, ah¡­must¡¯ve f-forgotten that one. T-Thank you for catching it before it f-fell, sweetie. A-Ahah, t-there are so many that I sometimes lose track of them these days, you know?¡±

 

To this, Yuuta shrugged his shoulders.

 

¡°Well, it¡¯s ok if you are. I know that cartoons are kind of boring for adults; I¡¯m just happy that you wanna sit with me anyway!¡± he replied.

 

Embarrassment soothed¡ªif only momentarily¡ªMercy nodded her head in affirmation of what she believed was already obvious.

 

¡°Of course, sweetie. Being able to sit with you and do nice, normal things like this is¡ª¡±

 

¡°But hey¡­¡±

 

Suddenly, both of Yuuta¡¯s hands jumped from his sides up into a firm smother of his pants¡¯ waistline. Here, he deftly fished fingers underneath the elastic rim from above, and afterwards dragged the garment down through yet another revealing slide past his knees.

 

Mercy did not know what hit her. Mesmerized from the beginning of the garment¡¯s slide to its dumping off of Yuuta¡¯s ankles, she stared in complete silence as the semi-erect log of unwashed cock perfectly bunched up at Yuuta¡¯s crotch was peeled out into a heart-fluttering flop along his inner thighs.

 

It smelled of it, too¡ªof the last time Yuuta had fucked her insides into a warm, semen-swelled mess.

 

¡°Want me to help you stay awake while I watch?¡± he suggested. ¡°It seemed like you really needed something in the kitchen, but now that we¡¯re here, I can help you and have fun myself at the same time!¡±

 

Abruptly reenergized by the boy¡¯s offer, Mercy flung herself to the ground without another word from him. Propping herself upright on her knees, she assumed a position directly opposite the underside of his growing erection before bracing her palms atop his thighs, and her breasts against his knees. After making certain that her weight was focused more so towards her core than onto Yuuta¡¯s legs, she dipped her upper body forwards and downwards until her lips arrived at a position inches short of a kiss with the semen-scented crown of Yuuta¡¯s cock.

 

Internally, Mercy validated this sudden plunge not with the sordid hunger pangs she felt for her little boy¡¯s semen, but as a pre-requisite for Yuuta to continue watching television unobstructed.

 

Mercy knew the truth; acknowledging it was no longer important.

 

¡°¡­That¡¯s very polite of you, Yuyu.¡± she began, smiling. ¡°Now, I normally wouldn¡¯t advocate for doing anything like that so early in the day, but i-if you¡¯re not going to be too rough, I¡¯d love it if you¡¯d give me a hand with that.¡±

 

Visibly content with his mother¡¯s decision, Yuuta was very quick to impose his proposition. Hands shooting upward to cup either side of her skull and thread fingers through her blonde hair, he continued smiling as though nothing at all about his suggested activity was indecent.

 

Of the positions that he had held throughout the day thus far, his stint in this one was the shortest. At a moment¡¯s notice, his grasp on Mercy¡¯s skull became a vice, and his arms a pair of wrenches that plunged the older woman¡¯s set lips onto the tip of his cock. As soon as his glans slipped past the plump pillows, he applied even more force to the gesture to draw her throat, and soon enough, her esophagus into the task of enveloping his shaft.

 

And with that, sitting and watching cartoons with his mother became infinitely more entertaining¡­

 

-

 

DOING AND NOT THINKING

 

Though there existed a fair few things that Mercy missed about being a 'normal' woman, her gag-reflex was not one of them. Before her transformation and the sexual domestication that followed, it was rare that the reflex played any sort of part in how she lived her daily life. Really, the life that she had led was so careful and celibate that she often forgot that she even had one.

 

Presently, she was relieved to be without it. Thanks to its absence, the worn pleasure receptors threaded into the back of her throat and littered throughout her esophagus were ignited without interference from her frame. No retching stifled the spread of a warm, gut-straining elation from the beginnings of her esophagus near-to the entrance way into her stomach, and no reflexive convulsions addled the descent of Yuuta's cock into the makeshift fuckhole¡¯s confines. The moment Yuuta took hold of her skull, her face was penetrated as smoothly and deeply as her pussy or asshole would've been--all thanks to the erasure of any sort of normalcy within her warped G.I tract.

 

 

Thanks to this, what she experienced following Yuuta's brusque skewering of her lips was limited to the arousing stimulation that he had promised as reward for her companionship. When the initial hilt of his cock down her throat came to an end, the bloating of her neck with an unruly loaf of phallus meat and the muzzling of her nostrils into a crotch as smooth as it was musky was reversed. Quite hurried for a youth whose focus remained on the T.V screen ahead of him, Yuuta wrenched her skull back upwards, and forced her gullet to scale the spire of rigid veins and oppressive cock-flesh that extended up from his crotch. Such was the speed and force that he put forth that Mercy found her lips spread and suckling to the midsection of his glans within a second or so of being wrenched.

 

 

And then she was plunged back downward. To the tune of a throaty *GLORP* manufactured by the compression of cockmeat through a tube of moist, mucus-glazed flesh, Yuuta's cock resumed its oppressive fattening of her mouth-cunt while her lips were floored back down into contact with the crotch surface at its root.

 

Still were Yuuta's eyes glued to the television, and still did he manipulate her skull with the abandon of bull with his member buried inside of the fertile cunt of a sow.

 

"He's still being rough even after I specifically asked him not to. Yuyu, whatever am I going to do with you... ?" Mercy thought to herself. "I'm going to be a complete mess before long~! He can't have forgotten about that, so I suppose making a mess out of me was another part of his offer."

 

Moved by her 'discontentment' and the airy head-rush that came with her facefucking, Mercy slid her gaze up from the boy's crotch for a moment to ascertain if any remorse had appeared on Yuuta's face.

 

Comically, the fact that nothing had changed injected satisfaction into her cock-skewered features instead of disappointment.

 

¡°Pre-occupied as ever..." she exhaled. "It's alright, I suppose. I'll just try and remind him about it next time."

 

Unbeknownst to Mercy¡ªor perhaps quietly understood by her¡ªYuuta was very aware of what his hand motions were doing to his mother's throat and face.

 

Since their beginnings a minute prior, the flicking of his wrists and the plunging of his arms had rendered his mother's mouth as a sputtering orifice for his cock. Each time he plunged her downward, the veins coiled around his cock teased the smooth muscle of his mother's gullet into the discharge of a dense, syrup-like spittle. Caked atop every inch of throatmeat his member passed through, the substance's build up within her esophagus was in part responsible for the wetness of the *GRLPS* induced by her throat's penetration.

 

 

Upon drawing Mercy's skull outwards and peeling her facehole's flesh out of contact with his member, the sludge mounted to its surface played also played a part in keeping her innards ready and waiting for Yuuta's cock. Finally, when his hands plunged her into one of her many sloppy ¡®kisses¡¯ with his crotch, the sudden re-addition of his mast to her innards displaced her mouth¡¯s cunt-juice by way of heavy, smothered splatters from both her lips and nostrils.

 

Several minutes of cycling through these processes from beginning to end had made quite the mess of Mercy's features. Not only was a heated and precum-infused substance fucked from her face¡¯s holes at a consistent pace, but the end of any one of these cycles saw her face planted into the growing patch-work of splatters and smears spread across his crotch.

 

 

Similar conditions were wrought inside her as well. Though Yuuta could not see the state of his mother's esophagus and sinuses, the gooey warmth that enveloped his cock each time he depressed his foot against the back of her head told him a great deal about what his cock was doing to her insides. Each dunk of Mercy¡¯s skull prompted him to picture the inside of her throat as a sleeve of congealed fuckmeat swelled by irritation and riddled with languid canopies of throatslop. Repeatedly reformatted by the elevation and descent of her skull, the only constants within the tube were his cock and the quivering, slop-smeared flesh that surrounded it.

 

With images such as these rolling in and out of focus within his mind, there was really no need to devote much attention to his mother¡ªespecially if one considered the mounting intrigue of his ¡®cartoon¡¯s¡¯ plotline.

 

This did not stop Yuuta from eventually dropping his chin to ¡®check-in¡¯ with his mother, of course. Choosing the first commercial break to appear in minutes as his opportunity, he effortlessly bent the interest he had directed at the television screen right back down to his mother¡¯s sex-smeared features.

 

He even went out of his way to promote eye-contact between them. In time with the descent of his gaze, his tiny hands floored Mercy¡¯s lips into another slop-caked kiss with his crotch. Subsequently, his pumping of her skull was replaced with a gentle rotation of her cock-skewered head around the narrow width of his crotch¡¯s root.

 

Like this, his cock was subjected to a titillating grind of throatmeat around its circumference whilst Mercy obtained an almost-stable position from which to meet his gaze.

 

As far as Yuuta was concerned, this was a win-win.

 

¡°So, feeling more awake, Mommy?¡± he inquired happily. ¡°The inside of your mouth seems pretty awake at least! That¡¯s probably just ¡®cause you really like having your face stuffed like this, though¡­¡±

 

¡°Oh, that¡¯s right. You can¡¯t talk right now, huh? Hmm¡­¡±

 

Taking to silence, Yuuta continued wiggling Mercy¡¯s skull back and forth until a suitable solution popped into his head.

 

¡°I know! Instead of talking, you can give me a victory sign for yes, or a thumbs down for no. Just like on the show!¡± he suggested.

 

Mercy couldn¡¯t (and wouldn¡¯t) argue with the boy¡¯s deduction. The feeling of his cock swirling around her throat was too pleasant, and as well, he wasn¡¯t exactly incorrect.

 

Thus, her oxygen-deprived mind complied. Smiling with her eyes as best as possible, she raised her left hand off of the youth¡¯s thigh and held it up at a shaky angle at the left side of her face.

 

She did feel more awake, after all¡ªalbeit not conventionally.

 

The sign itself was all that Yuuta really wanted to see. The moment the image of her producing it was captured by his brain, Yuuta went right back to enjoying himself. First leaning further back into the welcoming embrace of the living room couch, he afterwards raised his right leg off of the ground and up into a suggestive curl around the back of Mercy¡¯s head. Leveraging the obtuse angle set between his upper and lower body, he dumped the crease between his thigh and calf across the back of her skull whilst simultaneously pushing her crotch-planted lips back up to the midpoint of his shaft. Once satisfied with the extent of her retraction, he tightened the lock made from his leg, and suspended his mother as a strung up cocksleeve.

 

Stunned, Mercy could only follow along. Being used by Yuuta was nothing new to her, but his current level of dexterity and indifference was unmarked territory for her.

 

Not new enough for her to consider pulling the rest of the way off his shaft¡­but new enough.

 

¡°Cool! If it¡¯s working, let¡¯s see if we can charge you up for the rest of the day!¡± Yuuta suggested. ¡°The show¡¯s almost done, so I¡¯ll go as quickly as I can and we¡¯ll see if I can beat it to the end, ¡®kay?¡±

 

 

True to his word, Yuuta continued ¡®waking¡¯ his mother as briskly and aggressively as he could. Finally did he engage his hips, crotch, and legs into the penetration of her mouth-cunt, and finally did he begin on a legitimate stride towards his first orgasm for the day.

 

Compared to his masturbation with Mercy's face, the fucking effort that he produced was by far the more slovenly activity.

 

If slight and small, the span of his leg and the control that it exerted kept Mercy's skull (and the rest of her torso by proxy) locked at a position half-way impaled by his member. Whilst maintaining this hold, Yuuta took to vigorously hooking his lower body upwards and downwards to see the remaining half of his cock (well over 10 inches if one were to make a visual estimate) messily skewered in and out of ball's deep penetration of Mercy's esophagus.

 

These injections were every bit as pleasurable as the skull-stuffing he had managed with his hands, but far more visceral in that each one ended with a distinct punch of his slop-muddied glans down against the flooring of Mercy's esophagus. Relative to the straight-through tract-stroking granted by his previous ministrations, this sensation contributed far more cock-juice to the reservoir swelling at his member's root. As well, these stabs saw a much more significant discharge of slop burst from Mercy's face per thrust that he delivered.

 

The 'view' birthed by these ministrations was more obscene as well. If and when he peered downward¡ªwhich he often did where the churning of his mother's throat was concerned¡ªYuuta was greeted by a rousingly-unique configuration of his mother's features. If her cheeks were not fattened by the presence of his cock within her throat and the sandwiching of her lips against the battered mess at his crotch, her lips were stretched outwards along the meat of his cock in a perverse, tube-like attempt at holding to its writhing inches. In either case, her reddened eyes sat adorned by varied smears and plasters comprised of oral-cunt-juice whilst the remainder of her facial features sat organized to express a mix of mild paternal embarrassment and pleasure.

 

As a result of these two qualities and the sweaty, sexual high that accompanied them, Yuuta felt largely 'onboard' with the idea that his goring of his mother's lips had become better. Taking them in had seen the countdown to his eruption accelerated, and as far as he could tell, had swelled its size as well.

 

 

He was not quite willing to describe it as more slovenly, however. Though it was, he had become almost too acclimated to the sights and sensations reaped from making a mess out of his mother.

 

Consequentially, his attention waned for a second time. Ever committed to the speed and aggression of his actions, his actual attentions were eventually split between Mercy's skull and the climax of his program.

 

Albeit for a more understandable set of reasons, Mercy herself was not quite as 'taken in' with her skull-fucking as she usually was. The oxygen deprivation she endured remained pleasurable, and the perverse shame induced by the marring of her facial features still fed its usual warmth into her oozing cunt. Nevertheless, there existed then and there much more satisfying and attention-worthy elements of her circumstance than the 'fucking' itself.

 

For example, her mouth was squeaking like a cunt. Timed to each pulverising delivery of Yuuta's cock through her throat was the production of a vile and short-lived *PLORP!*. Spanning the length of Yuuta's thrusts right up to the moment he began to peel himself outwards (a fairly short period of time overall), the swampy noise still managed to sound reminiscent of a momentary boiling of cement or cake-batter.

 

The repeated production of these whorish noises led Mercy to begin thinking on their origins. Given such thought, she deduced its qualities to be a product of Yuuta's testicles repeatedly flopping up against her chin, and more broadly, the slam-fucking of her esophagus into a leaking, needy fleshlight.

 

More captivating than even this were the orgasmic throbs that thundered through Yuuta's length and wriggled through its veins. Each one told the same story: Yuuta was nearing an orgasm by virtue of fucking her face.

 

To her, however, they said more¡ªinflammatory slurs that forced her to recall how much she enjoyed being fucked by her darling little boy.

 

¡°Yuyu¡¯s gonna cum down my throat~! His cock is pulsing and swelling so much that I just know he¡¯s going to explode!¡± Mercy mewled internally. ¡°Do it, Yuyu!  Blast all of your sticky cock juice right down Mommy¡¯s throat ?! It¡¯ll make her feel more awake and you¡¯ll be able to get off, so there¡¯s no harm in it at all!¡±

 

From almost nothing at all, Mercy had gleamed a great deal of information about her son¡¯s condition and what might be ¡®best¡¯ for him in the long run. At the same time, she came into possession of further validation for what she wanted: a stomach full of her little boy¡¯s dickmilk.

 

¡°We¡¯ve been over this, sweetie. Trying to hold it all in is bad for you¡ªif you¡¯re going to do it, you should just squeeze out every drop as soon as you can ?. That¡¯s what you¡¯re drilling your cock into Mommy¡¯s face for, isn¡¯t it?¡± more so thinking to herself than addressing her son, Mercy still found it within herself to peer up at the boy as though her words could still reach him.

 

Deep down, she still believed that she could.

 

¡°EVERY DROP¡­goes right inside Mommy¡¯s stomach, sweetie ?. She can breathe just fine¡ªeverything about her is just fine, and will only be better once fill her.¡± she assured. ¡°So baste my insides~! Flood my stomach and finish waking me up like a proper¡­

 

¡°Parental¡­


¡°Bitc¡ª¡±

 

Somehow, in some way, Mercy¡¯s words reached her son. Well into the production of her internal plea, the pace of Yuuta¡¯s thrusts began accelerating towards a state of unsustainability.  Second by second, the wet crotch slaps and guttural throat noises produced by his motions attained a volume and frequency that overwhelmed the hum of the living room¡¯s television. Just when it began to seem as though the obscenity of these qualities had no ceiling, a final salvo of thrusts from Yuuta ended with a sound *SPLATT~* of his crotch against the lower half of Mercy¡¯s face.

 

No sooner did the final inches of his member squeeze past the older woman¡¯s lips did a bloated strand of pent up semen surge from the root of his shaft straight out into contact with the lower reaches of her esophagus.

 

Both as fat and as lengthy as Mercy had predicted, the off-white mud was propelled with a force that belied its curd-threaded qualities.  Following contact with its target, its contents contributed to the creation of a garish, steaming bolus at the base of her esophagus whose ¡®composition¡¯ consisted of two semen-caked halves of her intestine¡¯s interior.

 

Utterly ecstatic at the sensation of heated jizz spilling out inside her frame, Mercy wasted no time in involving herself further in her son¡¯s release. Holding herself as still as a statue, she willfully swallowed down the fermented tapioca clogging her G.I tract right down into an equally-expansive splatter into her stomach. As this was executed after another pair of the swelled strands had added their contents to the blockage¡¯s span, she wisely continued swallowing long after her gut was cleared.

 

Not surprisingly, her decision again rendered her skull as a shameless musical instrument capable of producing only the most sexual of noises.

 

*GRLP-GLRP-GLRP*

 

So went her esophagus¡¯ cum-belabored peristalsis as filtered through her neck and the corners of her lips. Each link in the musical chain was produced alongside the addition of another mired semen strand into her stomach, and later, the splattering of these strands into the semi-solid pool of nut forming at the organ¡¯s base.

 

Throughout the production of these embarrassingly salient noises, Mercy couldn¡¯t have been happier. As she drew in shallow breaths scented by the throatslop and crotch flesh pressed up against her nostrils, all that she could feel was bliss. This she felt in spite of everything. The bloating of her stomach from the bottom up, the constant compression of melted reproductive cheese into her stomach¡ªabsolutely everything about her position seemed worthwhile to her.

 

All because she was the one currently responsible for draining semen out of Yuuta¡¯s balls.

 

Wordless and content (even to herself), Mercy maintained her position from the beginning of Yuuta¡¯s orgasm to its end. Even when the flooding of her stomach induced the release of lazy blurts of seed from her crotch-pressed nostrils, she refused to move an inch.

 

If she could not contain the entirety of Yuuta¡¯s release, she could at the very least use the semen that she regurgitated to make her face seem more ¡®appealing¡¯ to him.

 

Tragically, her dedication went openly ignored by Yuuta as it was produced. Even now, his eyes remained focused on the television; the only proof that he was at all involved in his own release was the wince pinching his left eye closed.

 

This, and the momentary smirk that he flashed when an especially large regurgitation of semen from Mercy¡¯s lips blanketed the span of his crotch¡­

 

-

A HALF-DAY ACTIVITY

 

 

The chronological gap between the first sex act that Mercy and Yuuta engaged in and the second was not an extremely long one. Mitigating factors typical for any refractory period (sluggishness and matronly decency for Mercy and childish preoccupation for Yuuta) prevented the pair from jumping into their next act when an opportunity first presented itself. Even so, it did not take them very long to get back on track.

 

This time, it was Yuuta who went out of his way to ensure that they did. After releasing his mother from his leg lock and helping her lips up and off of the length of his cock, he waited patiently for Mercy to catch her breath and reorient herself atop his crotch. A minute or so into her panting and mewling, he became of the opinion that Mercy had enough energy for them to move forward¡ªif not with a more selfish activity, then with something equally enjoyable.

 

As such, he spoke.

 

¡°Hey, that felt really good, Mommy!¡± beginning with a compliment, he made certain that his eyes were directed towards her own as he spoke. ¡°If you¡¯re more awake now, wanna try something else? I think I still need to let out some stuff, so I wanna take care of that before anything else.¡±

 

Well used to the functional ¡®haziness¡¯ that overtook his mother each time she was stretched to her limit, Yuuta was quick to wiggle out from underneath her upper body and slide off of the couch onto his feet. Remaining at the older blonde¡¯s side, he raised a hand to point away from the living room and back toward the bedrooms on the house¡¯s second floor.

 

¡°We can do it in your bed, too. I know you¡¯re probably not so sleepy anymore, but it¡¯d give you some extra time to catch your breath and stuff.¡± he added.

 

With this, Yuuta extended a hand in aid towards the older woman.

 

 ¡°Here, I¡¯ll take you. You don¡¯t have to worry about anything!¡±

 

Well past the point of even attempting to rebuff any of her son¡¯s suggestions, Mercy settled her hand into the much smaller limb extended towards her the moment she was able. Even if it were not the case that she adored Yuuta, the fucking that she had just received demanded that she defer to him.

 

In particular, it was this deference that pulled her body up onto its massive legs at Yuuta¡¯s request, and later saw to it that she followed the lead that he established back up to her bedroom. Though the two of them had only come out of the room a few hours prior, returning to it actually struck her as a good idea. Atop a bed, Yuuta could fuck her as much as he pleased without the need for any sort of inventive pretext.

 

Much to her surprise, Yuuta created one all the same.

 

¡°Okay¡­¡± arms crossed at his chest (and around the middle of his steadily-swelling member as a consequence), Yuuta¡¯s arrival at the mouth of the bedroom saw the boy commit himself to further thought. ¡°How about you just lay on your back this time, Mommy? I think I can manage by myself this time as long as you help a bit.¡± he suggested.

 

Moved to a smile by her son¡¯s generosity, Mercy responded despite there being no need for her to do so.

 

¡°Is that what you¡¯d prefer, sweetie? To do things on your own?¡± she replied.

 

At this, Yuuta uncrossed his arms and nodded.

 

¡°Mhm! You can¡¯t do all the work all the time, right? Even Mommies need to take breaks sometimes.¡±

 

Again, this was all that Mercy needed to hear. Happily wiggling out of the ruined shorts biting into her butt, she dropped the garment to her ankles and stepped out of them into the beginnings of a short stride over to the bed that she so often shared with her son. Descending to its mattress on her knees, she quickly turned over to set her ample frame back-first atop it. Eventually laying herself out vertically from the head of the bed to its foot, she spread her legs away from one another and raised them upwards to provide the ¡®help¡¯ that Yuuta had mentioned.

 

Innocent as always, she next stretched her arms outwards to beckon to her son.

 

¡°Is this good enough for you, Yuyu?¡±

 

The answer that Yuuta produced was his most simplistic yet. First pulling himself up onto Mercy¡¯s bed, then drawing his miniature frame up between her legs on his knees, he persisted at an ideal position between her legs for seemingly no reason at all.

 

And he smiled. Towering erection gripped by his dominant hand and oozing precum down towards his mother¡¯s swollen cunt lips, he smiled as the very same innocent boy who had deemed himself fit to drug and domesticate his mother¡­

 

-

 

 

 


For as much as Yuuta enjoyed being spoiled by his mother, the satisfaction that he gained from actively controlling her¡ªfrom using her, or shaping her actions to fit one of his personal ideals¡ªwas infinitely greater.

 

Being a boy with a stronger-than-average attachment to his primary caregiver, this conclusion was not one that he jumped to immediately. Throughout the months of his drugging, teasing, and finally coaxing her into sexual intercourse with him, he had experimented with denying himself control, or splitting what amounts of it he accrued with his mother to his own benefit.

 

Each time he did, he found himself unsatisfied. His mother¡¯s sexual efforts were far from poor, but those that he put forward himself were better.

 

More satisfying.

 

More memorable.

 

His arrival at this epiphany marked the introduction of a specific ¡®change¡¯ into the atypical ¡®daily life¡¯ he had come to lead with Mercy.  Rather than allow himself to be constantly spoiled by his mother, he took it upon himself to drive proceedings more and more.  Mercy herself was guaranteed to follow along regardless of what he proposed, and if she didn¡¯t, putting her up to a few appetizing activities beforehand would be enough to render her compliant.

 

Sticking to the plan that his juvenile mind hatched reaped immediate benefits for Yuuta¡ªthe very same that washed over him as he buried his still-pent erection down through another wet, cervix-depth drive into his mother¡¯s vaginal canal.

 

His timing had been perfect. Most every hour of the day leading up to the moment had been spent teasing Mercy or viciously satiating himself. Upon proposing his latest suggestion for something more intimate and providing the loosest form of validation possible for it, Mercy proved the more eager between them where sex was concerned.

 

For a child, few voices spoke louder than positive confirmation. If the flushed and pleasure-twisted features below him were what came of his imposing himself, doing so more was bound to create a version of his mother even more ideal than the one that he already had.

 

This¡ªand not the adorable suckle of his mother¡¯s engorged cervix to the tip of his member¡ªwas the last thought that Yuuta entertained before completing his first hilt inside Mercy¡¯s cunt. Stirring his hips so as to grind his battering ram¡¯s tip around the pliant button¡¯s exterior, a final inward pop from his hips was required to see the last few inches of steeled cockmeat at his erection¡¯s base squished into the leaking embrace of Mercy¡¯s folds.

 

The disappearance of these inches put the finishing touches on the distension of Mercy¡¯s midsection. Though unchanged from her womanhood up to the beginnings of her lower abdominals, an especially ¡®majestic¡¯ phallic arc could be seen stretching the soft curvature of her midsection into a reddened and mountainous sleeve for his erection. Comprised entirely of uterus flesh contorted by the length and girth of his shaft and a succulent body cavity capable of containing these contortions, the sight of it completed an ¡®image¡¯ within the bedroom instantiated with the bedroom countless time prior.

 

Mercy and her son were having sex.

 

 

¡°I¡¯m gonna start moving, ¡®kay Mommy? Don¡¯t forget to speak up if you need something this time!¡± Yuuta chirped. ¡°It¡¯s not like your mouth is gonna be full this time, so I¡¯ll probably be able to understand you this time for sure!¡±

 

Mercy did not attempt to respond to her son¡¯s suggestion.  Like Yuuta, she was well-versed in proceedings¡ªtoo much so to speak out before the thrusting that he had mentioned began in earnest.

 

Instead of her voice, she used her face. Flashing a smile framed by the descent of a fair few lustful sweat droplets across the corners of her face, she confirmed her understanding just in time for a sizeable section of the youth¡¯s cock to be messily unplugged from her depths. 

 

Less than half of the vascular pole¡¯s length was disengaged from the suckling grip of her inner walls. In spite of this, Mercy felt as though her insides were being dragged from out of her. The minor deflation of her cock-fattened gut and the backwards slide of throbbing cockmeat through her cervix remained as maddening for her then as they had been when she could only dream of her son fucking her as a lover. Even when another forward plunge from Yuuta¡¯s crotch replanted these inches where they belonged, she could not help but picture herself as a virgin being pierced for the first time.

 

But she wasn¡¯t. She had been fucked like this countless times in the past, and was certain to be subjected to far worse in the future.  She had grown to love everything about being stuck with her son¡¯s cock until her brain function was reduced to that of mush. Not only did it make her feel complete, but, after much ¡®encouragement¡¯ from her son, it made her feel like the most special sort of mother there could be.

 

Given such a reality, remaining silent following Yuuta¡¯s question was not an option. Mustering another brave display of willpower, Mercy pit her voice against the sexual clopping and thudding induced by the beginnings of Yuuta¡¯s thrusts in a competition for the title of ¡®dominant noise source¡¯ within the bedroom.

 

¡°T-That¡¯s¡­v-very¡­¡± two words into her planned sentence and the push and pull of blood-vessel-studded cockmeat through her over-fucked cervix had her tongue caught within the back of her throat. ¡°V-Very d-difficult s-sweetie¡­e-especially when you¡¯re¡­NGGGMHHH??.¡±

 

Without warning, Mercy was fucked right out of character. Eyes curling upwards within their sockets and upper-right incisor dropping down into a spear-like stab into the right corner of her lower lip, an orgasmic surge of pleasure rendered her attempt at congeniality mute. 

 

Forcibly plastered to her face for several elating seconds, its dissipation left Mercy to pick up the pieces of her psyche and attempt speaking again.

 

¡°¡­i-It¡¯s not so e-easy Yuyu sweetie¡­¡± she stammered, voice notably thinner for the squeal that she had produced. ¡°Y-You¡¯re pushing everything in so hard and s-so deep ?.  I-I don¡¯t know i-if you¡¯ve realized t-this yet, b-but g-girl¡¯s don¡¯t really t-think s-so well while g-getting stirred up like this¡­?.¡±

 

Whereas the vehemence¡ªor lack thereof¡ªthat gilded Mercy¡¯s response might have suggested otherwise, the experience that she had attempted to describe was in no way exaggerated.

 

With regard to both position and execution, Yuuta¡¯s thrusting pattern was ruthless. When first the sweaty kiss between his crotch and Mercy¡¯s cock-spread lower lips was disengaged, a vigorous splatter of sexual lubricant from Mercy¡¯s depths had followed it. Applied as grease to ensure that her needy inner walls did not hug too tightly to the reddened exterior of his member, the nerve endings of her folds were given no time to adjust to the bestial phallus passing through them. Much like the sudden removal of a freshly-applied bandaid (if several orders of magnitude more obscene), an intolerably electric stimulation flowed from the back half of her cunt through to her outer lips as Yuuta retreated.

 

Then, he re-entered her. Folds still convulsing en masse and pleasure centers still drowned by bliss, the outward slide of his crouch was undone by another forward slam moments after the first.  The bloated cocktip that her uterus so craved was again popped through her cervix into her reproductive oven¡¯s grasp. Soon afterwards, her gut was re-inflated by another taxing hilt, and the meaty surface area of her vaginal canal utterly consumed by twitching, virile boy-cock.

 

Neither of these sensations were explicitly new to Mercy. Her need to be fucked, and one day inseminated by her son ensured that she perceived the events as such whenever they occurred, but with regard to reality, their novelty was rooted in Yuuta¡¯s position.

 

This time, Mercy found herself motionless. Per Yuuta¡¯s request, she had laid herself out on her back, spread her legs, and submitted herself to contortion by his little hands prior to being penetrated. The end result of her doing so was her son¡¯s hands supporting the undersides of her thighs whilst his narrow chest loomed over her own at position undoubtedly reserved for a ¡®dominant¡¯ male.

 

Fully aware of her perverse attraction towards the boy, the impact of Yuuta¡¯s position did not need to be explained to her. Being forced into a uniquely female position and later fucked whilst in it by a male suitably equipped to ¡®manage¡¯ her obscene frame fed instincts inscribed into her very gender.

 

To these instincts, Yuuta¡¯s youth and status was irrelevant. Solely relevant was the fact that a male that she adored was aggressively breeding her in a position to his liking.

 

When combined with the natural affection that she felt towards him, each instance of depression and retraction that Yuuta produced felt more potent to her than even her most spirited attempt at molding her own womb to match the shape of his cock.

 

Of course, assuming one required that Mercy¡¯s unique¡­perception be placed aside, Yuuta¡¯s thrusts could still be considered as impressive. Propped up on bent knees with only the musculature of his abdominals to back his thrusts, the youth repeatedly produced thrusts that were equally obscene and effective.

 

6 inches of motion was all that he required to batter his mother¡¯s womb into submission. Whilst peeling himself backwards, these inches reminded her vaginal canal as to the abrasive texture of the phallus that it contained. Whilst driving himself inwards, these inches represented the difference between a taut and garish swelling of Mercy¡¯s middle and the persistence of a slightly-less obscene distension of her stomach. Most importantly, this span of motion was enough to consistently displace heady quantities of the lubricant that spewed from her folds each time he came to the end of one of his stabs.

 

Per any one of the uncountable *PLAPS!* induced by the impact between his crotch and her own, muffled squirting noises akin to the whipping of syrup against a flat wall could be heard burbling out from between the root of Yuuta¡¯s cock and the cock-parted vaginal canal ahead of it. Curtailed by way of elongation, these spewing noises were drawn out into a mired, clingy *SCLLLLP* belted out by her folds as they attempted (unsuccessfully) to keep themselves melded with the bulk of Yuuta¡¯s cock. When the boy rammed himself clear less than a second after the fact, the sound¡¯s composition was warped for a third and final time. Heavy and guttural ¡®GLUPS!¡¯¡ªlike the plunge of a baseball bat into loosened earth eager to consume anything slotted into it with enough violence¡ªechoed out from Mercy¡¯s core.

 

Though the last of these noises seeped from her cunt as all of the others had, its quality was as such that its source was obvious. From canal to cervix, Yuuta¡¯s thrusts rendered each section of his mother¡¯s womanhood as differing parts of the same leaking, squeaking fuckhole.

 

Given these noises and the thrusts that had brought them about, it could be fairly stated that Mercy had a good reason to embrace the role of a helpless outlet for her son¡¯s lusts.

 

In his own way, Yuuta advocated for her taking up the position as well. Time and time again had he watched her suffer in silence with regard to sexual pleasure. During these instances, their combined efforts exhausted her into indifference, at which point she began to actually enjoy herself.

 

Something about the expression on her face and the moans that trickled from her lips told the youth that no such exertion would be required this time around.

 

Mercy was already enjoying herself plenty¡ªshe was simply too conscious of herself to speak out about it.

 

In Yuuta¡¯s case, acceptance of his mother¡¯s position did not equate to tolerance towards it. Deeply interested in what might be going through the older woman¡¯s head now that she could properly enjoy herself, he continued pressing her for a response even after the minute-long, moan-filled silence that had followed her explanation.

 

¡°It might be hard¡­¡± Yuuta began, eyes coincidentally shifted to the left of a dead-on stare at Mercy¡¯s face. ¡°But if anyone can do it, you can, Mommy! Who would know better about what you¡¯re feeling than you, right?¡±

 

While aware of the fact that what he was asking of Mercy was unreasonable, Yuuta genuinely believed that she was capable of producing it. No matter how sordid, sexual, or manipulative their relationship became, the effort that the blonde woman had put into seeming invincible whilst in his presence would remain relevant to him.

 

For this reason (among several others relating to the massive load of dense cock juice brewing within his balls) Yuuta did not slow his thrusts whilst waiting for a response. To him, doing so would not have made a difference¡ªno matter the odds set against her, Mercy was guaranteed to succeed.

 

Even if success equated to drinking down more of his semen with her insides.

 

Mercy herself felt anything but invincible. Enjoying such aggressive, gut-rending sex from her current position had made absorbing stimulation far easier than managing it. At last poised to serve as a proper set of fuckholes for her son, it never crossed her mind that he might need her for anything more than the occasional constriction of whichever hole he chose to grind himself into.

 

Apparently, Yuuta needed more. After mustering what strength she could and purposing it in an extremely ineffective form of concentration, the panting woman came to the conclusion that he wanted her to verbally recite something about her experience. What she ought to say and how she ought to say it sat beyond her, but if the continuation of his thrusts was any indication, vulgarity was likely apart of it.

 

The question was how much so.

 

¡°Y-Yuyu¡­t-that s-stuff¡ªNNGMMM~¡ªi-isn¡¯t r-really good for m-mommies¡¯t s-say¡ªGYUGHH?¡ªy-you know?¡± speaking out between moans induced by Yuuta¡¯s efforts and the sexual noises, Mercy fought to explain herself in a way that even her beloved Yuuta might understand.

 

Regrettably, the lustful glow that bled from her her eyes and the streaks of saliva that streamed down from the corners of her mouth did not lend her argument much credibility.

 

¡°S-So¡­I-I think I can d-do it but...¡± bashful as ever, the thoughts running through her head eventually pulled her line of sight away from Yuuta¡¯s. ¡° I-I dunno if you should¡ª¡°

 

Whilst mumbling to herself, Mercy had neglected to keep abreast of her surroundings. For a moment, she forgot that it was her son driving himself into her, and in doing so lost sight of what the boy was capable of were she to take his eyes off of him.

 

Thus, when an especially-invasive plunge from his crotch tented the fuming meat of her uterus into another sustained plastering of its flesh against her abdominals, a mild wave of nausea accompanied the abrasive bliss pressed through her folds.

 

Before she could take a moment to reorient her features towards the boy¡¯s face, the sensation of a considerable weight flopping down against her breasts and abdominals took the wind out of her completely.

 

Yuuta and dropped his front flat against her own. Yet again, he had found a very creative means of procuring her attention.

 

¡°You¡¯re having fun, right Mommy?¡± Yuuta asked, features beaming down at Mercy much more closely than before.

 

Consumed by a much more significant kind of stimulation, the truth left Mercy¡¯s unfiltered.

 

¡°Y-Yes?! I-I l-love this feeling~! I love being a-able to feel your cock punch and grind against the insides of my cunt Yuyu ?!¡±

 

At this, Yuuta giggled.

 

¡°See? That was easy, right? Why don¡¯t you try some more¡ªI won¡¯t repeat anythin¡¯ you say to anyone else, so you can say whaaaaaatever you want¡­¡± he offered.

 

¡°Even if it¡¯s really, really bad.¡±

 

Ordinarily, this brand of invitation was the exact sort that Mercy had taught herself to resist. Whilst skewered by her favorite cock and cajoled by its owner, the appeal of this option and the catharsis inherent to it became so tempting that even she could not resist them.

 

Abruptly, the lovestruck eyes that had wavered away from her son¡¯s face began pouring adoration straight back up at Yuuta¡¯s face.

 

¡°Getting f-f¡­.getting FUCKED like t-this feels amazing, Yuyu! It makes me r-really, really happy when y-you fuck my drooling cunt like this! Nothing m-makes me feel like a better mother than knowing that my cunt feels good for you!¡± Mercy squeaked.

 

Once started with the idea of ¡®speaking her mind¡¯, Mercy did not stop halfway. Enraptured by intimacy and sexual arousal¡ªboth generated by and directed towards her son¡ªshe raised both of her hands away from her sides up into the application of a loose hug around Yuuta¡¯s mid-back. Intent on ensuring that her feelings were both heard and felt, she waited for her efforts to bump the tip of Yuuta¡¯s nose against her own before continuing.

 

¡°I-I want you to keep enjoying y-yourself like this, okay? Y-You stopped t-thrusting like before, a-and that¡¯s no good¡­Y-You¡¯ll feel s-stressed if you don¡¯t let everything out inside, right?¡±

 

No explicit evidence existed for the cause-effect relationship Mercy had described, but all signage she had observed whilst taking Yuuta¡¯s monstrous endowment into one of her holes pointed towards it being a reality.

 

Past this, she wanted nothing more than for Yuuta to use his control over her frame to utterly bloat her womb with semen again.

 

¡°Mommy¡¯s insides aren¡¯t going to let a drop spill out, so let her have it all, okay? Cake every inch of my cunt with your gluey semen~! Y-You¡¯ve already stirred me up so much that my cunt can only understand your cock, so it doesn¡¯t m-matter if¡­¡±

 

For a moment, Mercy hesitated.  Once upon a time, the words presently held on the tip of her tongue were those that she had vowed to never utter¡ªto never entertain as anything more than a sexual fuel to be burnt during masturbation.

 

 Now, these same words represented something attainable. Her life was capable of facilitating their contents, and the arbiter of its conferment lay ready and waiting to fulfill her desires.

She simply needed to speak.

 

¡°I-It¡¯s ok even if you put a baby inside me! I-If that¡¯s what it t-takes for you to drain out all of your nasty baby juice, I don¡¯t care ?.¡± Mercy exclaimed.

 

From the moment he halted his thrusting pattern to ¡®encourage¡¯ speech from his mother, Yuuta had expected to have the request he had placed fulfilled. He had expected his mother to feed into his miniature ego, thereby providing him with another reason to continue goring her needy cunt as his favorite masturbation toy.

 

What Mercy actually produced surprised even him. Mouth drawn agape by Mercy¡¯s vulgarity and heart made to flutter by her honesty, her exclamations plucked strings within his chest only recently sowed to his juvenile emotion set.

 

With this, the biological lust that drove his actions was matched by the reverberation of an entirely emotional desire. Together, these desires imposed a single demand onto his miniature frame:

 

He had to continue thrusting. No matter the toll on his frame or Mercy¡¯s, drilling his cock through her folds and inseminating as many as her eggs as possible was mandatory.

 

To this end, Yuuta put his head down and adhered to his mother¡¯s suggestion. Pushing his breast-buoyed front back upwards, he replanted himself at his initial thrusting position, and at the same time peeled the spread of Mercy¡¯s legs up into positions appropriate for his intent. Specifically, he drew both limbs from a 9-clock spread at her hips to a vertical, 12¡¯o¡¯clock dangle that set their ankles to hang just above her ears.

 

Despite the significance of his task, each of these motions were devoid of any visible signs of exertion. In fact, were it not for the vicious unsheathing of his member that he produced subsequently and the youthful grunt that accompanied it, one could have very easily imagined contortions such as these to be commonplace for the youth.

 

That which followed the event was anything but commonplace. Without so much as gazing up at his mother in forewarning, Yuuta plunged the span of inches he had wrenched from her guts straight back through her sputtering womanhood.

 

This done, his thrusting pattern began anew. Chained instances of stomach-swelling impact and syrup-drenched extrication were brought about by his hips and cock whilst the tips of his toes kept him stable.

 

These, however, were not meant to last. Between their speed and vehemence, the pressure that they placed on the meaty blood vessels writhing across Yuuta¡¯s erection¡ªeverything pointed towards a final sprint towards a nearby goal.

 

A goal rooted in sordid, incestual reproduction.

 

-

HAPPY FAMILY

 

Though Mercy had spoken truthfully when asked by Yuuta to describe her feelings towards their sex, the verbal ¡®color¡¯ that had brightened her utterances was not something that she could access on a whim. The feeling of Yuuta¡¯s cock throbbing with need within her womb and the knowledge that his body needed hers for something more than parenting granted her the desire to utter such things.

 

Desire alone was insufficient for the guided structure and intent that her latest utterances had contained. With regard to these, a much more potent catalyst had prompted her mind to embrace reality, and had in doing so provided her lust-addled mind with a foundation upon which to build coherence.

 

Touch by touch, orgasm by orgasm, and word by word, Yuuta had successfully fucked his mother into a state of ovulation. By making use of her throughout the day and dominating her as any suitably virile male might a fertile female, he had convinced the ideal matron¡¯s frame that his presence was no longer that of a child that needed to be taken care of¡ªnot entirely, anyway.

 

Now, his was a presence partly that of a male to be deferred to, and partly that of a loveable child. Mercy¡¯s nature disallowed any sort of alteration to his image as her son, but appending the role of a dominant male to this image proved an easy enough change to make.

 

Through this shift, Mercy¡¯s womb arrived at the conclusion that conditions had become ideal for the production of another child. Thusly was a sole ovum fast-tracked through her tubing by Yuuta¡¯s masturbation with her uterus, and thusly did it find the lining of her uterus ready and waiting for it.

 

When Yuuta resumed his thrusting pattern following Mercy¡¯s outbursts, only a single task remained for the organ: ensuring that the egg within it was inseminated.

 

To this end, all stops were pulled. In response to the curved pile-driver blows rapidly slammed against Mercy¡¯s crotch, programming was passed from Mercy¡¯s uterus to her vaginal canal, and afterwards to her brain.

 

The instructions handed out to her cunt were simple. As each thrust produced by Yuuta¡¯s hips saw an engorged pipe of cockmeat that exceeded an arm in length ruthlessly squeezed through its depths into repeated, lubricant greased invasions of her core, consistent constriction was the only means left available for it to impose itself.  Hastily rendering itself as a single meaty, pulsing knot, each crushing plunge that Yuuta produced became akin to the thumping of tender meat into rigid, sauna-temperature sleeve.

 

Whereas Yuuta perceived this adjustment as an increase in his chosen task¡¯s difficulty, Mercy enjoyed a degree of relief. Though no ¡®armouring¡¯ could be provided for her testicle-tenderized outerlips, her internal contraction moderated the bliss fed through her folds just enough to keep her conscious.

 

With this consciousness, her mind executed the second of her womanhood¡¯s instructions. Measuring Yuuta¡¯s orgasm to be mere moments away, it was suggested that Mercy herself reinforce the requests that she had made of her son.

 

At present, there was only one method available for her to accomplish this. First undoing the hug that she had wrapped around Yuuta¡¯s back, she raised her hands further still until both of her palms sat opposite his cheeks. Gently cupping both of his cheeks, she progressively peeled his downturned features back into a stare up at her face.

 

This done, she pulled. Displaying a strength all her own, she forcibly disrupted Yuuta¡¯s thrusting pattern by drawing his head up to a spot right above her own. Rooting his member more deeply within her in the process, she purposed this opportunity to press a final kiss into his lips.

 

Compositionally, it was commonplace. Situationally, it said to Yuuta words that Mercy lacked the depravity to say with her mouth.

 

¡°FUCKING BREED ME ?.¡±

 

The moment Mercy imposed her kiss was the moment that she received what she asked for. Still starved for a final few morsels of his mother¡¯s cunt, Yuuta produced a final trio of hooked, crotch-depths thrusts through her folds before the onset of his long-awaited orgasm carried a mammoth thread of sperm-riddled cock juice straight out of the tip of his length. Swelling every inch of urethra it passed through like an obscene volume of water through a too-small hose, its expulsion from his cocktip was accompanied by a sewage-like sputter of muddy jizz from the edges of his urethra, and a commeasurably strained grunt from between his lips.

 

Much like all of his orgasms within Mercy, the sensation of congealed semen wriggling through his member out into contact with the meat of her womb was satisfying. This instance, however, numbed the boy¡¯s brain from the back of his brainstem to the front of his eyes.

 

Something was special about it, and his body knew it.

 

Precisely what was special about the event was only apparent to Yuuta on the level of basal instinct. In most every other aspect, the warm haze of euphoria that swallowed his mind whilst spurt after spurt of jizz was blasted out inside Mercy¡¯s womb was exactly the same.

 

It went without saying, of course, that the manner in which Mercy¡¯s innards were doused was far from typical.


This time, the last of Yuuta¡¯s thrusts failed to drive his glans back into direct contain with the back wall of Mercy¡¯s uterus. Instead slanted upwards (i.e / as opposed to ¨C ) it was the top of the organ¡¯s back pocket that was the first region to be caked underneath a layer of discolored nut.

 

Point of delivery aside, Yuuta¡¯s seed was thicker and fresher than it had been earlier in the day. Seeming more so like a platted slime than the curdled sludge that had fattened Mercy¡¯s stomach previously, the ropes of the substance blasted atop one another at the back of her womb naturally coalesced into a patch of thick, cloudy mire without notable signs of segmentation or stacking. Within seconds of their compilation, the entire back half of the organ was partly smeared, and partly engorged by glutted, writhing boy-cum.

 

Such was the capacity of Yuuta¡¯s balls (and the extent of the stimulation he had received) that the passage of time saw the steaming reproductive bedlam at the back half of Mercy¡¯s womb fed all throughout its interior. Consistently bloated noodles of plaster-quality semen erupted from the tip of the youth¡¯s cock on a second by second basis. As the reservoir they were directed towards consisted of flesh belonging to a single organ, its swelling saw stretches of uterine lining contracted inwards to aid in shouldering the squirming load that was flushed into it. Soon enough, the draping and caking of semen strands against its interior turned the confines of her womb into a pliant vat of jizz stuffed enough with the substance to obscure the spurting cocktip responsible for filling it.

 

From the inundation of Mercy¡¯s womb came the opportunity that her frame sought. Once filled to the brim with semen from floor to ceiling, her womb was forced to expand outwards into contact with her abdominals. Fat enough to suggest a form of pregnancy without adopting the smooth tautness that might confirm it, the steady swelling of the organ eventually superseded the cock-shaped bulge already tenting her middle. As seconds turned to minutes, the outflow of jizz strands through Yuuta¡¯s length rendered her stomach a uniform sac of pudgy, semen-bloated flesh.

 

Stretched and swelled with genetic material, the ovum sewn to Mercy¡¯s uterine lining was denied all breathing room. Persisting within the semen-swelled space by virtue of coincidence, the bloating of Mercy¡¯s womb rendered it as a glaring, succulent target for the fattened tadpoles trapped amidst a blended squirm among thousands of their peers.

 

When one of these monstrous cells smashed its face against the cell¡¯s exterior, a dozen others followed behind it. The very first was so overwhelmed by its peers that the dozen behind it took the ¡®hole¡¯ that it buried into Mercy¡¯s egg and turned it into a gaping sinkhole. Further cells writhed forth into the hole until the entire span of the rooted egg¡¯s face became a cratered net of intertwined tadpole tails.

 

Brutal a sight as the event seemed¡ªwere anyone capable of actually seeing it¡ªwhat it represented to Mercy fulfillment.

 

At long last, she had a family¡ªa son that loved her, a male that wished to breed with her, and a brand new child that would eventually grow to become living validation for her perversions.

 

In most every aspect possible, Yuuta¡¯s cock and cum had made all of her dreams come true¡­